--- Chain 3 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 519
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 827, 1687, 1811]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this question about molecular biology and genetic engineering. Let me try to think through it step by step.

The scenario is that a researcher is trying to create a transgenic mouse model where GADD45G is overexpressed. They modified the gene to include a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. They used Lipofectamine to transfect the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary cells and selected for antibiotic resistance. But when they checked the expression, they couldn't overexpress the protein. The question is why.

Looking at the provided DNA sequence, they've given me the plus strand sequence. Let me look for any obvious issues. Since it's the plus strand, the coding sequence should be read from 5' to 3', and the mRNA would be complementary to this. So, the mRNA would be the reverse complement of this.

Wait, the plasmid construct includes the coding sequence with a HA tag. The researcher intended to overexpress GADD45G with the HA tag. But the expression didn't happen as expected.

Possible issues could be:
- The construct isn't being expressed because of a premature stop codon.
- The HA tag might have introduced a mutation (like a stop codon), making the protein truncated or not expressed.
- Maybe the reading frame is messed up because of the introduced tag, causing a frameshift.
- Other possibilities like the promoter not working, but the question is about the sequence, so probably the coding sequence is the issue.

Looking at the provided sequence, let me spot any possible stop codons (TAA, TAG, TGA) in the coding frame. The HA tag is at the N-terminus, so the start codon should be at the beginning, followed by the HA sequence, then GADD45G.

Wait, the very first part of the sequence is ATG, which is the start codon (methionine). Then comes TAC, which is tyrosine. Wait, that can't be right. Because the HA tag is a specific sequence, usually it's something like YPYDVPDYA. Let me think about the DNA sequence for the HA tag.

The HA tag is typically encoded by the DNA sequence: 5'-ATG TAC CCC ATC G-...'. Let me check the start of the given sequence: ATGTACCCATACGATGTT... So the first few codons are:

ATG TAC CCT ATA CGA TT...

Wait,