--- Chain 2 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 844
Completed Thoughts: 5
Pruned at Analysis Step: 7
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 382, 968, 1714, 2093]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this molecular biology problem to solve. Let's see what it's about. Hmm, the question is about a transgenic mouse model where someone is trying to overexpress the GADD45G protein. They introduced a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. But when they tried to express it, it didn't work as expected. The problem is asking why the protein isn't being overexpressed.

Wait, the provided DNA sequence is the plus strand of the construct. Let me look for any obvious issues. Oh, right, the sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. So the reading frame should be correct, but maybe there's a stop codon somewhere that's causing the ribosome to terminate early.

Looking at the sequence, I need to scan for any in-frame stop codons. Let me go through it step by step. The sequence is long, but I can pick it apart. Each codon is three nucleotides, right?

Starting from the beginning after ATG:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA... Wait, let me break it into triplets:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA CTG GAA GAA TCC GCC GGC CAG GAC ACA GTT CCG GAA AGC A... Hmm, I see TGA here. TGA is a stop codon. Oh, but wait, where is this located? Let me count the letters to see where it's placed.

The first part is ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA CTG GAA... So the TGA is in the first part, maybe around 24-26 nucleotides in. So the construct has a stop codon in the middle of the coding sequence. That's a problem because the ribosome would stop translating here, so the protein would be shorter than expected. That could explain why the overexpression isn't happening—maybe the protein isn't even being made correctly because it's getting truncated.

Wait, but why is the stop codon there? Oh, wait, the construct includes the coding sequence for GADD45G with the HA tag. Did the person insert the HA tag correctly? Let me think. They introduced a sequence for a single HA determinant at the N-terminus. Maybe the HA tag's sequence includes a stop codon? Or perhaps there's a mistake in the cloning that introduced a stop codon.

Another thought: the sequence starts with ATG (correct start), but if there's a TGA in the middle, the ribosome would terminate early. So the expressed protein would be truncated, maybe not functional, and possibly not detected in the assay because it's shorter. So the overexpression wouldn't be observed because the protein isn't made properly.

Looking at the options:

Option A: The sequence for the HA determinant has a missense mutation. Well, the HA tag itself is just a few amino acids. If the HA sequence had a mutation, it might change the tag but not necessarily introduce a premature stop. But in our case, the problem is a stop codon. So maybe A isn't the right answer.

Option B: The ribosome terminated early. That's exactly what a stop codon in the middle would cause. So B is a possibility.

Option C: Lack of linker causing proteolysis. A linker isn't mentioned here. If the protein isn't expressed because it's being cut, but the issue here seems to be transcription/translation. C might not be the main issue.

Option D: No tRNA for UAA. Wait, the stop codons are UAA, UAG, UGA. The mRNA is synthesized from the DNA, so the coding sequence is the same as the mRNA except T for U. The stop codon is TGA in DNA, which would be UGA in mRNA. So if there's no tRNA for UAA