--- Chain 9 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 1017
Completed Thoughts: 6
Pruned at Analysis Step: 9
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1429, 2433, 2839, 3493, 3593]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this genetics problem here, and I'm trying to figure out why the protein isn't overexpressing as expected. Let me read through the question again carefully to understand the situation.

So, the goal is to study the role of GADD45G protein in mouse models, particularly looking at its role in SARS-CoV-2 infection. The approach is to create a transgenic mouse model where GADD45G is overexpressed in an inducible manner. To do this, they genetically engineered a plasmid, adding the coding sequence for the protein and introduced a sequence for a single influenza hemagglutinin antigenic determinant at the N-terminus. Then they used Lipofectamine to transfect Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells. They selected antibiotic-resistant colonies and tested the expression, but the overexpression didn't happen as expected.

Looking at the construct's plus strand sequence provided, I need to figure out what went wrong.

The options are about possible issues. Let me think about each option and see what could be the problem.

Option A: The sequence for the antigenic determinant has a missense mutation. Hmm, so the hemagglutinin (HA) tag was added at the N-terminus. A missense mutation there would change an amino acid, possibly affecting the tag's structure. If the tag is crucial for purification (like using an antibody against HA), a mutation could prevent proper purification, making the protein undetectable. But wait, the problem says they couldn't overexpress the protein. If the HA tag doesn't function, they might not purify it, but the cells might still be producing it. So perhaps this is a possibility, but maybe not the only issue here.

Option B: The ribosome terminated the translation early. That would mean a premature stop codon is present, causing the mRNA to be translated only partially. How can that happen? Maybe there's a stop codon introduced within the coding sequence. Let's look at the DNA sequence provided. Let me scan through it. The sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. Then, a series of codons follows. I need to check if any in-frame stop codons (TAA, TAG, TGA) are present. If the construct has an early stop, the protein would be truncated and maybe not functional or detectable.

Looking at the sequence, let's see. Each three nucleotides is a codon. Let's parse the sequence:

The sequence starts with ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA... Wait, wait. Wait a minute, I see 'TGA' in there. Let me look more carefully. The first part is 5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA ... So, TGA is a stop codon. Oh! So the construct's coding sequence includes TGA, which is a stop codon. If that's in frame, then the ribosome would terminate early, producing a truncated protein. So the HA tag and maybe part of GADD45G would be made, but then it stops.

Wait, but where is this TGA located? Let me parse it. The sequence is:

5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA ... 

So the first ATG is the start, then TAC is Tyr, CCA is Pro, TAC is Tyr, etc. Then, at the next AAA is Lys, and then TGA is the stop codon. So in the mRNA, the sequence after the HA tag would include a stop codon. So the ribosome would stop translating at that point, leading to a truncated protein. That would prevent the full-length GADD45G from being expressed, which is why they can't overexpress it.

So that's a problem. So why is there a TGA in the coding sequence? Let me think about how this might have happened. Oh! Wait, maybe this is part of the original GADD45G gene. Or perhaps it's part of the inserted HA tag. Wait, the HA tag is at the N-terminus, so perhaps the HA sequence was added before the GADD45G, and the construct includes the HA followed by GADD45G. If, during the cloning, the reading frame was messed up, perhaps the HA is in a different frame, but the GADD45G is in frame. But the presence of TGA would cause a stop.

Alternatively, perhaps the HA tag was added correctly, but the GADD45G coding sequence includes an in-frame stop codon. Let's think about that. Looking at the sequence again, the HA is added at the N-terminus, so the HA