--- Chain 5 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 684
Completed Thoughts: 6
Accumulated Pruned Count: 0
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c8
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1075, 1581, 1880, 2090, 2279]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I'm trying to figure out why the GADD45G protein isn't being overexpressed in the mouse model. Hmm, the setup is a bit detailed, but let me break it down.

So, the researcher is creating a transgenic mouse model where GADD45G is overexpressed. They added a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. They transfected Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells with the plasmid using Lipofectamine, and selected for antibiotic resistance. But when they tested the expression, the protein wasn't overexpressed. They looked at the plus strand sequence of their construct, and apparently, the issue is in that sequence.

Looking at the options, the possible reasons are A to D. Let me think about each option.

Option A: The sequence for the antigenic determinant has a missense mutation. So the HA tag might have a mutation, possibly causing the protein to be misfolded or recognized incorrectly. But would that prevent expression? I'm not sure. Maybe it affects purification if the tag isn't recognized, but if the protein is made, it should be detectable even if tagged improperly. But wait, the problem is no overexpression, so maybe the construct isn't being expressed. Hmm.

Option B: The ribosome terminated the translation early. That would mean a premature stop codon somewhere in the coding sequence. The ribosome would stop at the first stop codon it encounters. If the coding sequence has an in-frame stop codon before the actual one, that could truncate the protein. But in the given sequence, at the end, I see the sequence goes to TGA at the end. Let me check the last part.

Wait, the given sequence is the plus strand. Let me look for the stop codon. The sequence ends with ...TGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGA... and then ends with TGA at the very end? Let me check: The last few lines are:

...CGAGGAGAGCCGCAGCGTTAACGACTGGGTGCCCAGCATCACCCTCCCCGAGTGA

So the last few bases are GAGTGA. Wait, TGA is the stop codon. So the last codon is TGA, which is a stop. So in the coding sequence, the stop codon is present at the end. Therefore, the construct's coding sequence is correct, ending with TGA.

But wait, the HA tag is at the N-terminus. So in the coding sequence, the first part is the HA tag, followed by GADD45G. Let me look at the beginning: 5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GCT TCA GAT... Wait, ATG is the start codon. Then TAC is Tyr, CCA is Pro, TAC is Tyr, GAT is Asp, GCT is Ala, etc.

Wait, the HA tag is supposed to be added at the N-terminus. The HA tag's sequence is from the influenza HA protein. The coding sequence for HA would be a short peptide, usually around 10-11 amino acids. The HA tag's amino acid sequence is YPYDVPDYA. Let's see if the first part of the provided