--- Chain 8 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 687
Completed Thoughts: 4
Accumulated Pruned Count: 0
Pruned at Analysis Step: 6
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c3
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 809, 1921, 2453]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, I need to figure out why the GADD45G protein isn't overexpressing in the mouse model. Let's start by going through the problem and the options step by step.

So, the scenario is that we've created a transgenic mouse model to overexpress GADD45G. The construct includes the coding sequence for GADD45G with a hemagglutinin (HA) tag at the N-terminus. They transfected the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using Lipofectamine and selected for antibiotic resistance. But when they tested the expression, they couldn't overexpress the protein as expected.

Looking at the sequence provided, it's the plus strand of the construct. I need to analyze this DNA sequence to see what might be wrong.

First, the construct starts with ATG, which is the start codon. Then there's the HA tag sequence. Wait, the HA tag is a short peptide, right? So the coding sequence should include the HA tag before the GADD45G sequence. But maybe the issue is with the way the HA tag is added.

Looking at the options:

Option A: The HA sequence has a missense mutation. If the HA tag's sequence is wrong, the protein might not function correctly, but would that prevent expression? Maybe, but the problem here is about overexpression not happening, not the protein function.

Option B: The ribosome stops early. That would mean a premature stop codon. So if there's a UAA, UAG, or UGA in the reading frame, the ribosome would terminate early. Let me check the DNA sequence for any stop codons in frame.

Option C: No linker, leading to proteolysis. A linker is often used between tags and the target protein to prevent proteases from cleaving. If the HA tag is directly fused without a linker, the cell's proteases might cut the nascent chain. But I'm not sure how this would prevent expression; perhaps the protein is getting degraded, so it doesn't accumulate. That could explain low expression.

Option D: No tRNA for UAA. Wait, UAA is a stop codon. If the mouse lacks a tRNA for UAA, that doesn't make sense because stop codons are not read by tRNAs. The ribosome recognizes them, and termination factors are involved, not tRNAs. So option D is probably incorrect.

So focusing on options B and C. Let's look at the DNA sequence for the HA tag. The HA tag is usually a short peptide, like YPYDHH. The coding sequence for HA, which is a tag, would be right after the start codon.

Wait, the sequence starts with ATG (Met), then TAC (Tyr), CCC (Pro), etc. Wait, let me write out the first few codons to see:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA...

Wait, that's the DNA sequence. Let me transcribe it into mRNA. DNA is 5' to 3', so mRNA would be complementary, so:

DNA: 5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT G...
mRNA would be (since DNA is coding, mRNA is same as DNA