--- Chain 2 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 872
Completed Thoughts: 6
Accumulated Pruned Count: 1
Pruned at Analysis Step: 8
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 589, 1042, 1672, 2050, 2850]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this question about a genetics experiment gone wrong. Let me try to break this down. The researcher is trying to create a transgenic mouse model where GADD45G is overexpressed. The construct includes an influenza hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. They transfected Chinese hamster ovary cells and can't get the protein expressed as expected.

The problem must be in the construct's sequence provided. Let me look at the given DNA sequence. It's the plus strand, starting with ATG, which is the start codon. I'll scan through it to see if there are any obvious issues.

Wait, I remember that for proper translation, the reading frame must be correct, and the stop codon should be in frame. Also, the presence of any early stop codons could terminate translation early.

Looking at the sequence, I should look for the stop codon. Let me go through it. Hmm, the sequence starts with ATG, then continues with various codons. Let me check for the presence of any in-frame stop codons (TAA, TAG, TGA) before the intended stop.

Wait, let me parse the sequence. The plus strand is given, so the mRNA would be complementary to this. Oh, wait no, wait. The construct's coding sequence is this strand. So the mRNA would be the same as this sequence, except T becomes U.

So the sequence is the coding (sense) strand. So the mRNA would be the same as this, but with U instead of T.

Looking for in-frame stop codons. Let's see. Let me go through the sequence and look for TAA, TAG, or TGA triplets in the same reading frame.

Starting from the beginning:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA CTC TGG AAG AAG TCC GCG GCC AGG ACA CAG TTC CGG AAA GC...

Wait a second. Let me look for TGA. Oh, wait, I see TGA here. Let me check the exact spot.

Looking at the beginning:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA...

So, the codon after the start is TAC (tyrosine), then CCA (proline), TAC (tyrosine), GAT (aspartic acid), GTT (valine), CCA (proline), GAT (aspartic acid), TAC (tyrosine), GCC (alanine), AAA (lysine), TGA.

Oh wait, TGA is a stop codon. So the first in-frame stop is at position where the codons are: 5' ...AAA TGA... So the construct has a TGA codon right after the lysine (AAA) codon.

So the translation would terminate at that point. The GADD45G coding sequence probably doesn't have a stop codon that early. So the presence of TGA is causing the ribosome to terminate early, thus not producing the full-length protein. That explains why the overexpression isn't happening—proteins are being truncated and maybe not detected.

So the problem is that the construct has an early stop codon. Looking at the options:

Option B says the ribosome terminated early. That would fit because of the TGA in the coding sequence.

Alternatively, looking at the options, option D says the tRNA for UAA doesn't exist. Wait, UAA is another stop codon. But in the DNA, the sequence is TGA, which in mRNA would be UGA, another stop codon. So the problem is the presence of UGA in the mRNA. So the ribosome would terminate there.

So why is this happening? The construct has an unintended stop codon. So the issue is that the coding sequence introduced an early termination.

Looking at the options, option B says the ribosome terminated early, which would be due to a premature stop codon in the construct. So the correct answer would be option B.

Wait, let me make sure. The problem is that the plus strand's sequence has a TGA codon