--- Chain 5 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 872
Completed Thoughts: 9
Accumulated Pruned Count: 2
Pruned at Analysis Step: 7
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c7
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1223, 1318, 1499, 1693, 1879, 2276, 3025, 3221]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this question about molecular biology and genetics, and I'm a bit new to this, but I'll try to think it through. Let's see what the question is about.

The scenario is that someone is trying to create a transgenic mouse model to study the GADD45G protein's role in SARS-CoV-2 infection. They overexpress this protein by introducing a coding sequence, and they added a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. They transfected the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary cells, but they can't overexpress the protein. They checked the plasmid and saw that the plus strand sequence is provided.

The possible issues are in the options A to D. So I need to figure out why the protein isn't being expressed as expected.

Let me break it down. The main points are:

1. They introduced a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. So that should be the first part of the protein. But if the coding sequence is messed up, the protein might not form correctly.

Looking at the DNA sequence provided. The sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. So the first part after ATG should be the start of the protein.

Looking at the plus strand sequence, the first part after ATG is TAC. Wait, TAC is the codon for tyrosine. But wait, the DNA sequence is written as 5' to 3', so the mRNA would be complementary to this. Oh wait, no, wait. The coding sequence is plus strand, so mRNA is made as a complementary minus strand. So the mRNA would read the same as the plus strand DNA, except T becomes U.

Wait, actually, the DNA is in the plus strand, so the mRNA is the same as the DNA's plus strand but with U instead of T.

So the mRNA after the ATG would be AUG (since DNA is ATG, mRNA is AUG). Wait, no: the DNA is plus strand, so mRNA is synthesized from the complementary minus strand, but the mRNA sequence would be the same as the plus strand (since it's the coding strand).

Wait, maybe I'm getting confused. Let me think: the DNA is double-stranded. The coding strand is the same as the mRNA, except T→U. So the given plus strand is the coding strand. So the mRNA would have the same sequence, substituting T for U.

So the mRNA begins with ATG, so the first codon is ATG on the DNA, which is the start codon. The next codon in the mRNA would be TAC, which is tyrosine.

Wait, but the hemagglutinin tag is supposed to be at the N-terminus. So the first part of the protein should be the HA tag, right? So if the plasmid was correctly modified, after the start codon, the HA tag should be present.

But looking at the given sequence, the first part after ATG is TAC, which is tyrosine. That's part of the HA tag? Or wait, maybe I should think about what the HA tag's DNA sequence is.

The HA tag is derived from the hemagglutinin of the influenza virus. Its amino acid sequence is typically YPYDHHQWL. So the DNA coding for that would be the coding sequence for these amino acids.

But the first thing after ATG in the DNA is TAC, which is TAC in DNA → mRNA is AUG (start), then the next codon is TAC, which is tyrosine. Wait, the HA tag starts with Y, which is TAC in codon. So that's correct. So the first codon after ATG is TAC, which is Y (tyrosine). Then the next codons should code for the rest of the HA tag.

Wait, let me reconstruct the first few codons. The DNA after ATG: TAC C ATG T T C CAG ATT ACC GCA AAT GAC TCT GGA AGA GTC GC...

Wait, let me parse it as triplets:

5' ATG TAC C ATG T