--- Chain 5 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 915
Completed Thoughts: 7
Pruned at Analysis Step: 10
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1309, 1436, 1755, 2062, 2469, 3075]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this question here about a genetics experiment gone wrong. Let me try to unpack what's going on. So, someone is trying to create a transgenic mouse model where GADD45G is overexpressed, and they want to see its role in SARS-CoV-2 infection. 

They used a plasmid to introduce the coding sequence with a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. But when they transfected the cells and tested, they couldn't overexpress the protein. They looked at the plus strand sequence of their construct and noticed something wrong.

Looking at the options, the issue must be in the DNA sequence they inserted. Let me think about each option.

Option A: The sequence for the antigenic determinant has a missense mutation. So the HA tag might have a mutation, which could prevent detection. But if the tag is messed up, the protein might not be expressed or detected, but would the expression level be low? Maybe, but I'm not sure. Let me hold onto this thought.

Option B: The ribosome terminated early. That would mean there's a stop codon somewhere in the sequence. If the ribosome hits a stop codon, it would truncate the protein. So, looking at their coding sequence, do they have any stop codons prematurely? Hmm. The reading frame is important here. Let me check the sequence for in-frame stop codons.

Wait, the construct adds the HA tag at the N-terminus. So the sequence starts with the HA coding sequence followed by GADD45G. But wait, in the given DNA sequence, does any part of it have a stop codon?

Let me check. The HA tag is a short peptide, so the first part of the coding sequence. The original GADD45G should be in frame. But looking at the provided DNA sequence, does it have any TAA, TAG, or TGA codons in the correct reading frame?

Wait, the sequence is from 5' to 3' for the plus strand. Let's try to parse it. The first part is ATG, which is a start codon. Then TAC, which is tyrosine. Then CCATACGATGTT... wait, that's a bit messy. But I'm not going to go through the entire sequence. Maybe I should look for any in-frame stop codons.

Alternatively, perhaps the reading frame is disrupted. Let's think about the initial part. The HA tag's coding sequence is added. Let's say the HA tag is about 15 amino acids. So the DNA for HA would be about 45 nucleotides. Let me look at the first 45 nucleotides.

So the first part of the plus strand:

5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GGT TCC AGA TAC GCC CAA ATG ACT CTG GAA GAA TTC GCG GCC AGG ACA CAG TTA ... 

Wait, I can translate this into amino acids to see if there's a stop codon.

ATG is methionine. TAC is tyrosine. CCA is proline. TAC is tyrosine. GAT is aspartic acid. GGT is glycine. TCC is serine. AGA is arginine. TAC is tyrosine. GCC is alanine. CAA is glutamine. ATG is methionine. ACT is threonine. CTG is leucine. GAA is glutamic acid. GAA is another glutamic acid. TTC is phenylalanine. GCG is alanine. GCC is alanine. AGG is arginine. ACA is threonine. CAG is glutamine. TTA is leucine... Hmm, so far no stop codons. So perhaps the HA tag doesn't have a stop, but maybe the GADD45G sequence does.

Wait, but the coding sequence should include the entire gene. If the construct has a stop codon in the middle, then the protein would be truncated. Alternatively, perhaps the reading frame is messed up, inserting an early stop.

Wait, the construct is for GADD45G with the HA tag at the N-terminus. So the HA is followed by GADD45G. If the HA sequence isn't in frame, that could cause a frame shift.