--- Chain 5 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 641
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1187, 1629, 2123]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I have this genetics question here about a mouse model experiment gone wrong. Let me try to work through it step by step. 

The question is about a researcher trying to overexpress the GADD45G protein in mice by creating a transgenic model. They modified the gene to include a sequence for the influenza hemagglutinin determinant at the N-terminus. They transfected Chinese hamster ovary cells with a plasmid using Lipofectamine and selected antibiotic-resistant colonies. But when they tested the expression, they couldn't overexpress the protein as expected.

So, the problem is that the protein isn't being expressed properly. The construct's plus strand sequence is provided, and the question is why. The options are A, B, C, D.

First, let me think about what could go wrong in gene expression. If the construct is expressed, it should produce the desired protein with the hemagglutinin tag. But since it's not overexpressed, perhaps there's a problem with the construct itself.

Looking at the plasmid's coding sequence, I should check for any obvious issues. The provided sequence is the plus (sense) strand, so it should be the same as the mRNA, except T instead of U.

Wait, the coding sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. So that's good. Let me look for stop codons (TAA, TAG, TGA) in the sequence because if there's an early stop codon, the ribosome would terminate translation early, leading to a truncated protein or none at all.

Looking through the sequence:

ATG TAC CC... let me scan for TGA, TAA, TAG.

Wait, the sequence is given as the plus strand, so the mRNA would be complementary. Wait no, the coding sequence is written as the DNA sense strand, so the mRNA would be the same as the sense DNA but with U instead of T. So, when looking for stop codons, I should look for the DNA sequences that would code for them. 

Stop codons in DNA (on the coding, sense strand) are TAA, TAG, and TGA. So I'll scan the provided DNA sequence for these.

Looking for TAA in the DNA sequence. Let's see:

Starting from the beginning:

5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GGT TCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA ... 

Wait, hold on. I see the sequence starts with ATG, then TAC, which is Tyrosine. Then CCA is Proline, TAC is Y, GAT is Asp, GGT is Gly, TCA is Ser, etc. 

In the middle, looking for TAA, TAG, TGA.

Let me go through the sequence step by step:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GGT TCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA CAG TCT GGA AGA GTC ...

Wait, here's a potential problem. The sequence after AAA is TGA. So in DNA, that's TGA. So