--- Chain 6 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 691
Completed Thoughts: 6
Accumulated Pruned Count: 2
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c2
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1313, 1967, 2207, 2377, 2547]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, I'm trying to solve this genetics question. Let me read through the problem again to make sure I understand it.

So the scenario is that someone is working on creating a transgenic mouse model to study the GADD45G protein's role in SARS-CoV-2 infection. They're using a construct where the coding sequence for GADD45G is modified to include a single influenza hemagglutinin antigenic determinant at the N-terminus. They transfected the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using Lipofectamine and are selecting antibiotic-resistant colonies. But when they start testing the expression, they can't overexpress the protein as expected.

The problem is that the plus strand sequence is provided, and the person notices the reason why overexpression isn't happening. The options given are A to D, each suggesting a different problem.

So, I need to look at the provided DNA sequence and see if there's something wrong that would prevent the protein from being expressed correctly.

First, let me think about what the sequence shows. The plus strand is the sense strand, so the coding sequence would be in the same direction as the mRNA. The sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. So the mRNA would be complementary to this, but since it's the coding strand, the sequence is as provided.

Wait, but wait: the given sequence is the plus strand of the construct. So the coding strand is the same as the mRNA, except T for U. So the construct is designed to have the hemagglutinin determinant at the N-terminus, so that it's the first part of the protein.

Now, I need to check for any possible issues in the sequence that could prevent proper expression.

Looking at the sequence, the first few codons should code for the hemagglutinin tag. Let me check the start. The sequence starts with ATG, which is methionine, the start codon. So the first part is ATG, then TAC (tyrosine), then CC (proline?), wait no, let's break it down into triplets.

Wait, the sequence is:

5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GGT TCC AGA TTA CGC CAA ATG ACT CTG GAA GAA TCC GCC GGC CAG GAC ACA GCT TCC GGA AAG CAA GCA GGA TGC AGG GTG CCG GGA AAG CGC TGC ATG AGT TGC TGC TGC GGC GCC GCG TCA GGG CTG CTC A... and so on.

Wait, but if the hemagglutinin tag is at the N-terminus, that should be the first part of the protein. Let me make sure that the sequence correctly includes the HA tag.

Wait, the HA tag is a small peptide, usually about 11 amino acids. The most common HA tag is YPYDVPDYA, but I'm not sure what the specific sequence is in this construct. Alternatively, since it's a single hemagglutinin determinant, perhaps the tag is shorter, like a shorter version, perhaps just a few amino acids.

But perhaps the issue is with the reading frame or the presence of a stop codon.

Wait, looking at