--- Chain 3 for Question 164 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 240
Completion Tokens: 503
Completed Thoughts: 3
Pruned at Analysis Step: 4
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 757, 1155]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this astronomy problem here about binary star systems. Hmm, binary stars, right. I remember they orbit around a common center of mass. The question is about determining which system is more massive and by what factor. Let me try to think through this.

The problem says there are two systems, system_1 and system_2. Both show eclipses with periods of 2 years and 1 year, respectively. The periods are the time between two primary eclipses. So, the orbital periods are 2 years for system_1 and 1 year for system_2.

Then, they have radial velocity (RV) measurements. System_1's stars have RV amplitudes of 10 km/s and 5 km/s. System_2's are 15 and 10 km/s. So, the primary star in each system has a higher RV amplitude than the secondary.

Wait, how does RV amplitude relate to mass? Oh, right, the more massive a star is, the less it moves because it's closer to the center of mass. So, the less massive star moves more. So, the primary star (the brighter one) is usually more massive, but in RV terms, the secondary (the one with larger velocity) is less massive. Because the more massive star doesn't have to move as much to balance.

Wait, no. Let me clarify. In a binary system, the more massive star will have a smaller orbit because the center of mass is closer to it. So, the less massive star has a larger orbit and thus a higher RV amplitude. So, if in system_1, the stars have RV amplitudes of 10 and 5, then the star with 10 is less massive, and the 5 is more massive. Because the more massive one doesn't move as much. So, system_1's primary (maybe the one with 5) is more massive. Because the one moving more is the secondary.

Wait, but I'm getting a bit confused. Let me think about the mass function. Oh, right, the radial velocity semi-amplitude K is related to the mass ratio. The mass ratio q is the mass of the secondary divided by the mass of the primary. So, q = m2/(m1). And I think K is higher for the less massive star.

So, in a binary system, the star with the larger RV amplitude is the less massive