--- Chain 9 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 631
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1080, 1890, 2149]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I have this question about molecular biology, specifically about creating a transgenic mouse model. Hmm, let me read through the question carefully.

The scenario is that someone is trying to study the role of the GADD45G protein in mice. They're interested in whether this protein, which is induced by IL-2, plays a role in SARS-CoV-2 infection. So, they're making a transgenic mouse where GADD45G is overexpressed in an inducible way. They're using a construct where the coding sequence includes a sequence for a single influenza hemagglutinin antigenic determinant at the N-terminus. They transfected this into Chinese hamster ovary cells using Lipofectamine, selected the antibiotic-resistant colonies, but when they tested the expression, they couldn't overexpress the protein as expected.

The problem is that the sequence of the plus strand of their construct has a particular sequence. They noticed something wrong in that sequence. The options given are A to D, and I need to figure out which one is the issue.

So, looking at the plus strand sequence provided. Wait, the plasmid is probably in a vector with a promoter, the coding sequence, and maybe a poly-A tail. Since the construct is for overexpression, it's likely under a strong promoter, perhaps inducible.

The sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. Then it goes on. Let me see if it has any stop codons early on. Because if there's a stop codon in the sequence, the ribosome would terminate translation early, leading to a truncated protein or no protein at all.

So, the plus strand sequence is provided. Let me scan through for the presence of any TAA, TAG, or TGA triplets, which are stop codons in the coding frame.

Let me look through the sequence. The sequence is long, so I'll go through it step by step.

Starting from the beginning:

5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC A... etc.

Wait, ATG is methionine, the start. Then TAC is tyrosine, CCA is proline, TAC is tyrosine again, GAT is aspartic acid, GTT is valine, CCA is proline, GAT is aspartic acid, TAC is tyrosine, etc.

Looking for any TAA, TAG, or TGA in the correct reading frame.

Wait, the construct includes a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. So, the sequence starts with the HA tag, followed by GADD45G coding.

Wait, but the problem is that the protein isn't overexpressed. So, perhaps the issue is that the construct is introducing a premature stop codon, causing the ribosome to terminate early, resulting in a truncated or nonfunctional protein. So the question is, does the provided coding sequence contain a stop codon?

Looking for any TAG, T