--- Chain 2 for Question 20 ---
Status: USED_FOR_VOTING
Finish Reason (Model): stop
Extracted Answer: 2
Prompt Tokens (Usage): 142
Completion Tokens (Usage): 12305
Reasoning Tokens (Counted): 12050
Non-Reasoning Tokens (Counted): 253
Total Tokens (Usage): N/A

--- Reasoning Content ---
Okay, so I've got this math problem here, and I need to figure it out step by step. Let me read it again carefully.

We have 25 indistinguishable white chips and 25 indistinguishable black chips. We need to place some of these chips in the 25 unit cells of a 5x5 grid. The conditions are:

1. Each cell can contain at most one chip.
2. All chips in the same row must be the same color, and all chips in the same column must be the same color.
3. Any additional chip placed on the grid would violate one or more of the previous two conditions.

And we need to find the number of ways to do this.

Hmm. So, each row must be all white or all black, and each column must be all white or all black. But wait, no, that can't be right because each cell can have at most one chip. So if a row is all white, that would mean every cell in that row has a white chip, but we only have 25 white chips for 25 cells. Similarly for black.

Wait, but the problem says "some of these chips". So maybe not all cells need to be filled, but when we place a chip in a cell, all chips in the same row must be the same color, and all chips in the same column must be the same color. Also, the placement must be such that adding any more chips would violate these conditions. That means the placement is maximal in some sense.

Let me try to parse this.

Each cell can have at most one chip. So, no two chips in the same cell.

Now, all chips in the same row must be the same color. That means, for any row, if there's at least one chip, all chips in that row must be the same color. So, a row can be either all white, all black, or empty.

Similarly, all chips in the same column must be the same color. So, for any column, if there's at least one chip, all chips in that column must be the same color. So, a column can be all white, all black, or empty.

But wait, but if a row is all white, then every cell in that row must be white. But if a column is all white, every cell in that column must be white. But if a row and a column intersect, their cell must be white.

Wait, but that's not necessarily the case because the problem says, "each cell contains at most one chip." So, wait, maybe each row can have all white, all black, or empty, but not partially filled, unless the column constraints also apply.

Wait, perhaps I'm overcomplicating. Let me think differently.

Suppose that in a given placement, each row that has at least one chip must have all its chips of the same color. Similarly, each column that has at least one chip must have all its chips of the same color.

Moreover, the placement is maximal, meaning you can't add any more chips without violating the row or column color conditions.

So, the arrangement must be such that any empty cell is in a row and a column that are both allowed to have chips of some color. But if you try to add a chip to an empty cell, it would require that the entire row and column of that cell be that color, which might conflict with existing chips.

Wait, maybe another approach. Let me think about the possible color configurations for rows and columns.

Each row can be either white, black, or empty. Similarly, each column can be white, black, or empty. But we have to ensure that the color assignments are consistent.

But wait, if a row is white, then all its cells must be white, but if a column is black, then all its cells must be black. So, if a row is white and a column is black, their intersection must be both white and black, which is impossible. So, that can't happen.

Therefore, the color assignments for rows and columns must be such that the color of a row and the color of a column don't conflict at their intersection.

Wait, that seems tricky. Let me think again.

Suppose that a row is assigned a color (white or black), and a column is assigned a color (white or black). For their intersection cell, it must be white if both row and column are white, or black if both are black. But if the row is white and the column is black, the cell can't be both, so that's impossible. So, perhaps the only way this works is if all the rows and columns are assigned colors in a way that no row is white and any column is black, and vice versa. Hmm, that seems too restrictive. Maybe I'm misunderstanding.

Wait, perhaps the way to model this is that each row can be either white or black, and each column can be either white or black, but the cell at their intersection must be of the color that is the same as both the row and the column. But that's only possible if all the rows and columns are assigned colors in a way that they don't conflict. So, for example, if a row is white, all columns that intersect with it must also be white. Similarly, if a row is black, all columns that intersect with it must be black. Otherwise, there's a conflict at the intersection.

Wait, that seems plausible. So, if a row is white, then all columns that pass through it must also be white, otherwise, their intersection would require the cell to be both white and black, which is impossible. Similarly, if a row is black, all columns through it must be black.

But wait, that would mean that all rows and columns must be assigned the same color. Because, for example, if row 1 is white, then all columns that intersect row 1 must be white. But then, any other row that has a cell in those columns must also either be white or black. Wait, but if a column is white, then any row that has a cell in that column must also be white, right? Because if a column is white, all the cells in that column must be white, meaning the rows must be white in that column.

Hmm, perhaps this suggests that the only possible colorings are where all rows and columns are the same color. But that can't be right because then the grid would either be all white or all black, but we have only 25 white and 25 black chips, but 25 cells. Wait, no, each cell can have at most one chip, but in this case, if the grid is all white, we have 25 white chips, but then we can't place any black chips. But the problem allows for some of the chips to be placed, and the placement is maximal.

Wait, maybe I'm approaching this wrong. Let me try a different angle.

Each row can be either:

- All white, meaning all cells in that row have white chips.

- All black, meaning all cells in that row have black chips.

- Empty, meaning no chips in that row.

Similarly for each column.

But if a row is non-empty (either all white or all black), then all its cells must be of that color. But any column that contains a cell from that row must also be of that color, because the column's cells must all be the same color. So, for example, if row 1 is white, then every column that intersects row 1 must be white. Because otherwise, if a column is black, then the cell at row 1 and that column would have to be both white (because row 1 is white) and black (because column is black), which is impossible. Therefore, the column must be white.

So, if any row is white, all columns that intersect it must also be white. Similarly, if any row is black, all columns that intersect it must be black.

But this would imply that all the rows and columns are of the same color. Because if you have a white row, then all columns intersecting it must be white, which would mean all rows intersecting those columns must also be white, leading to all rows and columns being white. Similarly for black.

Wait, that's a problem because that would mean the only possible configurations are all rows and columns being white or all being black. But the problem allows for some chips, not necessarily all. So perhaps that's not correct.

Wait, no. Let me think again. Suppose that a row is white, then all columns that pass through it must be white. But what if another row is black? Then, the columns that pass through that black row must be black. But those columns also pass through the white row. So, the same column can't be both white and black. So, that's impossible.

Therefore, all non-empty rows must be the same color, and all non-empty columns must be the same color as the rows. So, either all non-empty rows are white, and all non-empty columns are white, or all non-empty rows are black, and all non-empty columns are black.

Wait, but that can't be the case because if a row is non-empty, then all columns intersecting it must be the same color as the row. So, if I have a white row, all columns intersecting it must be white. Then, any other row that uses those columns must also be white. Similarly, if a row is black, all columns through it must be black, and any other row that uses those columns must also be black.

Therefore, the only possible configurations are:

1. All non-empty rows are white, and all columns intersecting them are white.

2. All non-empty rows are black, and all columns intersecting them are black.

But wait, but the grid is 5x5, so rows and columns can be subsets. So, perhaps it's possible to have some rows and columns being white, and others being black, but only if their intersections don't exist. That is, the white rows and black rows don't share any columns.

Wait, perhaps. Let me think.

Suppose I have a subset of rows assigned to white, and a subset of columns assigned to white. Then, the intersection of these white rows and white columns must all be white. Similarly, any other rows assigned to black must have their columns assigned to black, and their intersection must be black. But the problem is that the white rows and black rows can't share any columns, because those columns would have to be white and black at the same time, which isn't allowed.

So, the grid can be partitioned into two parts: one part where some rows and columns are white, and the other part where some other rows and columns are black, and these two parts don't share any rows or columns. Wait, that seems possible.

Wait, no, that can't be because if a row is white, all columns that pass through it must be white. So, if I have a white row, all the columns that pass through it must be white, which means any other rows that pass through those columns must also be white. So, you can't have a black row if it intersects a white column.

Therefore, the entire grid must be either all white, all black, or some combination where the non-empty rows and columns are all the same color, and form a rectangle in the grid.

Wait, perhaps that's the key. The non-empty part of the grid (the part where we place chips) must form a rectangle where all the rows and columns in that rectangle are the same color, and the rest of the grid is empty.

But let me think again. Suppose I have a set of rows R and a set of columns C such that R is a subset of rows and C is a subset of columns. All cells at the intersection of R and C are filled with chips, all of the same color, say white. Then, the remaining cells in R are in columns not in C, but those columns can't be filled because they're not in C, which is assigned to white. Similarly, the remaining cells in C are in rows not in R, but those rows can't be filled because they're not in R.

Wait, but in this case, the placement is such that all rows in R are white, all columns in C are white, and all other cells are empty. So, any additional chip placed would have to be in a cell not in R×C, but that would require that the row and column of that cell are of the same color as the chip. But since those rows are not in R and those columns are not in C, they're either empty or of a different color.

Wait, but if I add a chip in a cell not in R×C, say in row r and column c, where r is not in R and c is not in C, then I would have to set row r to that color and column c to that color. But if R and C are non-empty, then the other rows and columns might already have colors assigned. Hmm, this is getting complicated.

Wait, perhaps the only possible configurations are where the non-empty part is a rectangle of white or black, and the rest is empty. So, the number of such configurations would be the number of ways to choose a rectangle (a set of consecutive rows and columns) and choose a color for it, either white or black.

Wait, but the problem says the grid is 5x5, so the rectangles can be any size, not necessarily contiguous. Wait, no, in this problem, a rectangle in the grid can be any subset of rows and columns, not necessarily contiguous. So, for example, choosing rows 1,3,5 and columns 2,4 would form a rectangle of 3x2 cells.

But then, each such rectangle can be assigned a color (white or black), and the rest of the grid is empty.

Wait, but then the number of such configurations would be equal to the number of possible rectangles multiplied by 2 (for white or black), but we also have to account for the fact that we can't have overlapping rectangles with different colors.

Wait, no. Because once you choose a rectangle and assign it a color, the rest of the grid must be empty. Because if you add any more chips, you'd have to color the entire row and column of that chip, which might conflict with existing colors.

Wait, let me think about that. Suppose I have a configuration where I've placed a white rectangle in the top-left corner, say rows 1-2 and columns 1-2, filled with white chips. Now, if I try to place a black chip in row 3, column 3, then I would have to make row 3 all black and column 3 all black. But that doesn't conflict with the existing white rectangle because they don't intersect. So, is that allowed?

Wait, but the problem states that any additional chip would violate one or more conditions. So, in this case, placing a black chip in row 3, column 3 would require that row 3 and column 3 be all black. So, that's allowed, but then that would create another rectangle. So, the initial configuration with a single white rectangle isn't maximal because you can add another rectangle of a different color elsewhere.

So, the condition is that the placement is such that adding any more chips is impossible without violating the conditions. Therefore, the only way to achieve this is if the entire grid is filled with chips, but that's not possible because we have 25 chips of each color, but the grid has only 25 cells. So, we can't fill all cells with chips, because each cell can have at most one chip, but the colors would have to be consistent across rows and columns.

Wait, perhaps the only maximal configurations are those where all non-empty rows and columns are of the same color, and they form a rectangle that cannot be expanded without conflicting with existing colors. So, for example, if I have a white rectangle in the top-left corner, to make it maximal, I can't add any more white cells without expanding the rectangle, but adding a black cell elsewhere would require making its row and column all black, which doesn't interfere with the white rectangle.

Wait, but that's not maximal because you can add a black rectangle elsewhere. So, perhaps the only maximal configurations are those where the grid is entirely filled with a single color, either all white or all black. But that can't be right because we can place some white and some black chips without violating the conditions.

Wait, maybe not. Let me think again.

Suppose I have a white rectangle covering rows 1-2 and columns 1-2. Then, I can't add any more white chips without expanding the rectangle. But I can add a black chip in row 3, column 3, which would require that row 3 and column 3 be all black. Then, that black chip is placed, and now, the placement is such that I can't add any more chips anywhere else without violating the conditions. Because adding a white chip in row 4, column 4 would require row 4 and column 4 to be white, but then their intersection would be white, but row 3 is black, column 3 is black, so that's okay. Wait, no, row 4 hasn't been assigned a color yet, so placing a white chip there would require row 4 to be white and column 4 to be white. But that doesn't conflict with any existing assignments. So, the placement isn't maximal because we can add more chips.

Therefore, the only way to make the placement maximal is to have all possible rows and columns assigned to either white or black such that no further chips can be added. So, perhaps the only maximal configurations are those where all non-empty rows and columns are either all white or all black, and the placement is such that every possible cell is either in a white row and white column, or in a black row and black column.

Wait, but that would require that the white and black regions don't intersect. So, the grid is divided into two parts: one part where all rows and columns are white, and the other part where all rows and columns are black, and these two parts don't share any rows or columns.

Wait, but that's impossible because every row and column can't be in both white and black regions simultaneously.

Wait, perhaps another approach. Let me think about the possible color assignments for rows and columns.

Each row can be white, black, or empty. Similarly, each column can be white, black, or empty. But with the constraint that if a row is non-empty (white or black), then all columns that intersect it must be the same color as the row. Similarly, if a column is non-empty, all rows that intersect it must be the same color as the column.

Therefore, the non-empty rows and columns must all be of the same color. So, the only possible color assignments are:

1. All non-empty rows are white, and all non-empty columns are white.

2. All non-empty rows are black, and all non-empty columns are black.

So, the non-empty part of the grid must form a rectangle where all the rows and columns in that rectangle are white or black, and the rest are empty.

Wait, but then the non-empty part is a rectangle where all rows and columns are of the same color, and the rest are empty. So, the number of such configurations would be the number of possible rectangles multiplied by 2 (for white or black), plus the all-white and all-black grids.

Wait, but the all-white grid would be a special case where all 25 cells are white, which uses all 25 white chips. Similarly, the all-black grid would use all 25 black chips.

But in the problem, we have 25 white and 25 black chips, but we can use any number of chips as long as each cell has at most one, and the conditions are met.

Wait, but according to the earlier reasoning, the only possible maximal configurations are those where the non-empty part is a single rectangle of the same color, and the rest is empty. So, in that case, the number of configurations would be the number of possible rectangles times 2 (for white and black).

But wait, let me think again. Each such configuration is determined by choosing a set of rows R and a set of columns C, and then assigning a color to the R×C rectangle. The rest of the grid is empty.

So, the number of such configurations is equal to the number of possible pairs (R,C) where R is a non-empty subset of rows, C is a non-empty subset of columns, and then multiplied by 2 for the color.

But wait, no, because if R is empty or C is empty, then the rectangle is empty, which we don't want because the problem says we're placing some chips. So, R and C must be non-empty.

Therefore, the number of rectangles is equal to the number of non-empty subsets of rows multiplied by the number of non-empty subsets of columns. Since there are 5 rows and 5 columns, the number of non-empty subsets of rows is 2^5 - 1 = 31, and similarly for columns. So, the number of rectangles is 31 * 31 = 961. But for each rectangle, we can choose either white or black. So, 961 * 2 = 1922.

But wait, that can't be right because that would include configurations where the entire grid is white or black, but we also have to consider that we have limited chips. Wait, no, the problem allows us to use any number of chips up to 25 white and 25 black, but in this case, each rectangle R×C would use |R| * |C| chips, all of the same color.

But wait, for example, choosing R as all 5 rows and C as all 5 columns, assigning color white, would use 5*5=25 white chips, leaving no black chips. Similarly, assigning it black would use 25 black chips, leaving no white chips.

But the problem allows us to use any number of chips, as long as we don't exceed 25 of each. So, for example, choosing R as the first 2 rows and C as the first 3 columns, assigning white, would use 2*3=6 white chips, leaving 19 white and 25 black chips available.

But wait, in that case, could we add more chips elsewhere? Because in the remaining rows and columns, the other rows and columns are empty, so maybe we can add another rectangle of a different color.

Ah, but the placement must be maximal, meaning that any additional chip would violate the conditions. So, in this case, if we have a white rectangle, could we add a black rectangle in a different part of the grid? Let's see.

Suppose we have a white rectangle in rows 1-2 and columns 1-3. Then, we can try to place a black chip in row 3, column 4. But placing that would require that row 3 and column 4 be all black. But since row 3 is empty, that's fine, and column 4 is empty, so that's fine. So, the grid now has two rectangles: the white one and the black one. But now, we can try to add more chips. For example, place a white chip in row 4, column 5. That would require row 4 and column 5 to be all white. So, that's possible as well. Thus, the initial placement wasn't maximal because we could add more.

Therefore, the only way to make the placement maximal is if there's no possibility to add any more chips. That would happen if every empty cell is in a row or column that's already assigned a color, and that color is different from the color of any chip in that row or column.

Wait, no. Let me think. Suppose I have a white rectangle in rows 1-2 and columns 1-3. Then, in row 3, all columns except 1-3 are empty. So, could I place a black chip in row 3, column 4? Yes, because placing it would require row 3 to be black and column 4 to be black. Since row 3 is currently empty, that's allowed, and column 4 is empty, so that's allowed. Therefore, the initial placement wasn't maximal because I could add a black chip there.

Therefore, the only maximal configurations are those where the entire grid is filled with a single color. Because if you have any empty cells, you can potentially add another color in a different part of the grid, making the placement non-maximal.

Wait, but that can't be right because the problem allows for some chips to be placed. So, perhaps the maximal configurations are those where the entire grid is filled with a single color, either all white or all black. But then, the number of such configurations would be 2: all white or all black.

But that seems too restrictive because the problem allows for some chips, but not necessarily all. Also, the problem says that adding any more chips would violate the conditions. So, perhaps the only maximal configurations are those where the entire grid is filled with a single color, because otherwise, you could always add another color in a different part.

Wait, but in that case, the answer would be 2, but I'm not sure. Let me think again.

Wait, another approach: consider that each row is either all white, all black, or empty, and each column is either all white, all black, or empty. But the problem requires that any additional chip would violate the conditions. So, for the placement to be maximal, every empty cell must be such that either its row is already assigned a color conflicting with the chip we would place, or its column is already assigned a conflicting color.

Wait, but if a row is empty, that means its color isn't assigned yet. Similarly for a column. So, if I have an empty cell, I can place a chip there, which would assign its row and column to that color. But if any of the other cells in that row or column are already assigned a different color, that would cause a conflict.

Wait, no, because if a row is empty, placing a chip there would assign the row to that color, and all columns intersecting that row would have to be that color as well. But if any of those columns already have a different color assigned, that's a conflict.

So, for a placement to be maximal, every empty cell must be in a row and column that are both unassigned. Because if either the row or the column is already assigned a color, placing a chip there would cause a conflict.

Wait, no, because if the row is unassigned and the column is unassigned, placing a chip there would assign both the row and column to that color. But if any other row or column that shares a cell with this row or column is already assigned, that might cause a conflict.

This is getting too tangled. Maybe I should look for a different approach.

Another idea: the problem requires that the placement is such that any additional chip would violate the row or column color conditions. So, for each empty cell, either the row is already assigned a color different from the chip we would place, or the column is already assigned a different color.

Therefore, to make the placement maximal, every empty cell must be in a row or column that's already assigned a color conflicting with the color of any chip we might place there.

Wait, that makes sense. So, for each empty cell (i,j), either row i is non-empty and its color is different from the color of the chip we would place, or column j is non-empty and its color is different from the color we would place.

But wait, the color we would place is either white or black. So, if row i is non-empty and is white, then we can't place a black chip there without making the row black, which would conflict with the existing white. Similarly, if column j is non-empty and black, we can't place a white chip there.

So, in order for the placement to be maximal, every empty cell must be in a row that's already assigned a color, or in a column that's already assigned a color, and that color is such that placing a chip there would cause a conflict.

Wait, but if the row is empty and the column is empty, then placing a chip there would assign both the row and column to that color, without any conflict. So, in that case, the placement isn't maximal because we could add more chips.

Therefore, for a placement to be maximal, every empty cell must be in a row that's already assigned a color, or in a column that's already assigned a color, such that placing a chip there would require changing the row or column's color, which is already assigned.

Wait, perhaps the only maximal configurations are those where all non-empty rows and columns are of the same color, and any empty cell is in a row or column that's already assigned a conflicting color.

Wait, I'm getting stuck here. Let me try to think of small cases.

Consider a 1x1 grid. Then, the possible placements are:

- Place a white chip.

- Place a black chip.

- Place nothing.

But the problem requires that the placement is maximal, meaning you can't add any more chips. So, placing a chip (either white or black) is maximal because adding another chip isn't possible (only one cell). Placing nothing isn't maximal because you can add a chip.

So, for 1x1, the number of maximal placements is 2.

Similarly, for a 2x2 grid.

Wait, maybe this can help me see a pattern.

In a 2x2 grid, what are the maximal placements?

1. All four cells are white.

2. All four cells are black.

3. A single white row (two cells), which would require the columns to be white as well, so the entire grid is white. Wait, no. If I place white chips in row 1, then columns 1 and 2 must be white, which implies that row 2, columns 1 and 2 must be white, so the entire grid is white. So, that's the same as case 1.

Similarly for black.

Wait, so perhaps in a 2x2 grid, the only maximal placements are all white or all black.

But that can't be right because suppose I place white chips in row 1 and columns 1 and 2. Then, the entire grid would have to be white because row 1 is white, so columns 1 and 2 are white, which forces row 2 to be white as well. So, again, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black.

Wait, but what if I place a white chip in (1,1) and a black chip in (2,2). Then, row 1 would be white, column 1 would be white, row 2 would be black, and column 2 would be black. But then, cell (1,2) would be in row 1 (white) and column 2 (black), which can't be both. So, that's invalid. Therefore, such a configuration isn't allowed.

So, in a 2x2 grid, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black.

Hmm, so maybe in general, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black. But that seems too restrictive because the problem allows for some chips.

Wait, but the problem states that each cell can have at most one chip, and that all chips in the same row must be the same color, and all chips in the same column must be the same color. So, if I place a white chip in (1,1), then row 1 must be all white or empty, and column 1 must be all white or empty. But if I also place a white chip in (1,2), then row 1 is white, and column 2 must be white as well. So, the entire grid would have to be white.

Wait, no. Let me think again. If I place a white chip in (1,1), then row 1 must be all white or empty, and column 1 must be all white or empty. But if I place another white chip in (2,2), then row 2 must be all white or empty, and column 2 must be all white or empty. But then, cell (1,2) is in row 1 (white) and column 2 (white), so it must be white. Similarly, cell (2,1) must be white. So, the entire grid would have to be white.

So, in a 2x2 grid, placing any two white chips not in the same row or column would force the entire grid to be white. So, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black.

But that seems to suggest that in the 5x5 grid, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black. But that can't be right because the problem allows for some chips, not necessarily all.

Wait, but according to this logic, any placement of a chip would force its row and column to be that color. So, if you place a single chip, say white, in (1,1), then row 1 must be all white or empty, but if it's empty, you can't have any other chips in row 1. Similarly, column 1 must be all white or empty. But if you want to place another white chip, it would have to be in row 1 or column 1, which would then force the entire row or column to be white.

Wait, perhaps the only way to have a maximal configuration is to have all non-empty rows and columns be of the same color, forming a rectangle, and the rest being empty. So, the number of such configurations is equal to the number of possible rectangles times 2 (for white and black).

But earlier, I thought that if you have a rectangle, you could add another rectangle elsewhere, making it non-maximal. But perhaps not, because adding another rectangle would require that the rows and columns of the new rectangle are unassigned, but if they're unassigned, you can assign them to a different color, which would be allowed unless they conflict with existing assignments.

Wait, no, because if you have a white rectangle, and then try to add a black rectangle in a different part of the grid, that's allowed as long as the rows and columns of the black rectangle are unassigned. But then, the placement isn't maximal because you could add more.

So, perhaps the only maximal configurations are those where the entire grid is filled with a single color, all white or all black. But that seems too restrictive.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximal configurations are those where all non-empty rows and columns are of the same color, and every empty cell is in a row or column that's already assigned a conflicting color.

Wait, for example, if I have a white rectangle covering the top-left 2x2 cells. Then, the remaining cells in rows 1-2 are in columns 3-5, and the remaining cells in columns 1-2 are in rows 3-5. If I try to place a black chip in row 1, column 3, that would require row 1 to be black, which conflicts with the existing white in row 1. Similarly, placing a black chip in row 3, column 1 would require column 1 to be black, conflicting with the existing white in column 1. So, in this case, the placement is maximal because any additional chip would require changing the color of an already assigned row or column.

Ah, so that makes sense. So, in this case, the placement is maximal because any empty cell is in a row or column that's already assigned a color. Therefore, placing a chip there would require changing the row or column's color, which is not allowed.

So, the maximal configurations are those where the non-empty rows and columns form a rectangle of the same color, and any empty cell is in a row or column that's already assigned a color. So, the number of such configurations is the number of possible rectangles times 2 (for white and black).

So, the number of possible rectangles in a 5x5 grid is the number of ways to choose a subset of rows and a subset of columns, both non-empty.

The number of non-empty subsets of 5 rows is 2^5 - 1 = 31.

Similarly, the number of non-empty subsets of 5 columns is 31.

So, the number of rectangles is 31 * 31 = 961.

Each rectangle can be assigned either white or black, so total configurations are 961 * 2 = 1922.

But wait, the problem states that we have 25 white and 25 black chips, but in each maximal configuration, the number of chips used would be |R| * |C|, all of the same color.

So, for example, choosing R as all 5 rows and C as all 5 columns, assigning white, uses 25 white chips. Similarly, assigning black would use 25 black chips.

But in other cases, like R being rows 1-2 and C being columns 1-3, assigning white, would use 6 white chips, leaving 19 white and 25 black chips available.

But the problem allows for any number of chips up to 25 of each color, as long as the placement is maximal.

Wait, but according to the earlier reasoning, each maximal configuration is a single rectangle of a single color, and the rest is empty. So, the number of such configurations is indeed 1922.

But wait, let me check for the 1x1 grid. According to this, the number would be (2^1 -1) * (2^1 -1) * 2 = 1 * 1 * 2 = 2, which matches our earlier conclusion. For the 2x2 grid, it would be (3 * 3) * 2 = 9 * 2 = 18. But earlier, I thought that in a 2x2 grid, only all white and all black are possible, which would be 2 configurations. So, there's a discrepancy here.

Wait, so perhaps my earlier reasoning is flawed. Let's think again about the 2x2 grid.

In a 2x2 grid, how many maximal configurations are there?

According to the rectangle approach, it would be (2^2 -1) * (2^2 -1) * 2 = 3*3*2=18. But from earlier, I thought that any placement of a single chip would force the entire row and column to be that color, leading to only all-white or all-black as maximal configurations. But that can't be right because, for example, if I place a white chip in (1,1), then row 1 and column 1 are white. But I can also place a black chip in (2,2), which would set row 2 and column 2 to black. But then, cell (1,2) is in row 1 (white) and column 2 (black), which is a conflict because the cell can't be both white and black. Therefore, such a configuration is invalid.

Therefore, the only valid maximal configurations are those where all non-empty rows and columns are of the same color, forming a single rectangle. So, for the 2x2 grid, the number of maximal configurations would be:

Number of non-empty row subsets * number of non-empty column subsets * 2 (colors).

Which is 3 * 3 * 2 = 18. But that contradicts the earlier conclusion that only all-white and all-black are possible.

Wait, perhaps I made a mistake earlier. Let me think again about the 2x2 grid.

If I choose R = {1}, C = {1}, color white. So, cell (1,1) is white. Then, can I place a black chip in (2,2)? No, because that would require row 2 and column 2 to be black, but cell (2,2) is in row 2 and column 2, which are both black, so that's allowed. But then, cell (1,2) is in row 1 (white) and column 2 (black), which would require it to be both white and black, which is impossible. Therefore, such a configuration isn't allowed.

Wait, so that means that the only valid maximal configurations are those where the non-empty rows and columns form a rectangle, and the rest of the grid is empty. So, in the 2x2 grid, the maximal configurations are:

- All white.

- All black.

- White in rows 1 and columns 1.

- White in rows 1 and columns 2.

- White in rows 2 and columns 1.

- White in rows 2 and columns 2.

Similarly for black.

Wait, but that would be 2 (all) + 4 (single cells) * 2 (colors) = 2 + 8 = 10. But according to the earlier calculation, it should be 18. So, perhaps the initial approach is wrong.

Alternatively, perhaps the maximal configurations are those where the non-empty rows and columns form a rectangle, and the rest are empty. So, for the 2x2 grid, the number of such configurations would be:

For white:

- The entire grid: 1.

- All single rows: 2 (each row can be white alone, which forces the columns to be white as well, so each row white would cover the entire grid, which is same as all white).

Wait, no, that's not right. If I choose R = {1}, C = {1}, color white, then cell (1,1) is white. But then, row 1 must be all white, so cells (1,2) would also be white. Similarly, column 1 must be all white, so cells (2,1) would be white. So, this configuration is the same as all white.

Wait, so perhaps the only maximal configurations are those where the non-empty rows and columns form a rectangle that covers the entire grid. Because any smaller rectangle would allow adding more chips elsewhere.

Wait, but that can't be because in the 2x2 grid, if I choose R = {1}, C = {1}, color white, then cell (1,1) is white. But then, row 1 must be all white, so cell (1,2) is white. Column 1 must be all white, so cell (2,1) is white. So, the entire grid is white. So, any single cell chosen as white would force the entire grid to be white.

Similarly, any single cell chosen as black would force the entire grid to be black.

Therefore, in the 2x2 grid, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black, giving 2 configurations.

But according to the earlier approach of counting rectangles, it would give 3 * 3 * 2 = 18, which is incorrect. So, perhaps the initial approach is wrong.

Therefore, perhaps the only maximal configurations are those where the entire grid is filled with a single color, either all white or all black. So, the number of such configurations is 2.

But that seems to contradict the problem statement, which says "some of these chips", implying that not all cells need to be filled. So, perhaps I'm missing something.

Wait, another thought: perhaps the maximal configurations are those where the non-empty rows and columns form a single rectangle, and the rest are empty. So, the number of such configurations is the number of possible rectangles times 2 (for white and black).

In the 2x2 grid, the number of rectangles is 9 (since 2^2 -1 =3 for rows, 3 for columns, 3*3=9). So, 9 * 2 = 18. But as we saw earlier, in reality, many of these would force the entire grid to be filled, leading to only 2 possible configurations.

Therefore, perhaps the initial approach is incorrect, and the correct answer is 2.

But then, how to explain the 2x2 grid? It seems that any placement of a single chip would force the entire grid to be filled with that color, making the only maximal configurations all white or all black.

Wait, but in the problem statement, the placement must be such that any additional chip would violate the conditions. So, placing a single chip in the 2x2 grid would not satisfy this because you could add chips in other cells without violating the conditions, as long as you assign the rows and columns appropriately.

Wait, no, because placing a single white chip in (1,1) would require row 1 and column 1 to be white. Then, placing a black chip in (2,2) would require row 2 and column 2 to be black. But then, cell (1,2) is in row 1 (white) and column 2 (black), which is impossible. Therefore, the placement of a single white chip in (1,1) makes it impossible to place any other chips without violating the conditions. Wait, no, because you could place another white chip in (1,2), which would require row 1 to be white, but column 2 would then have to be white as well, which conflicts with anything in column 2.

Wait, no, in the initial placement, if you place a white chip in (1,1), then row 1 must be all white, so (1,2) must be white. Similarly, column 1 must be all white, so (2,1) must be white. Therefore, the entire grid is white. So, the placement of a single white chip in (1,1) leads to the entire grid being white. Similarly, placing a single black chip in (1,1) leads to the entire grid being black.

Therefore, in the 2x2 grid, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black.

So, perhaps in the 5x5 grid, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black, leading to an answer of 2.

But that seems too restrictive because the problem allows for some chips, not necessarily all. So, perhaps I'm making a mistake here.

Wait, perhaps the key is that the placement must be such that any additional chip would require that the row and column of that chip be of that color, which might conflict with existing assignments. Therefore, the only way to make the placement maximal is to have all non-empty rows and columns of the same color, and every empty cell is in a row or column that's already assigned a color conflicting with any possible chip color.

Wait, but that would require that every empty cell is in a row or column that's already assigned a color. So, for example, if I have a white rectangle covering rows 1-2 and columns 1-2, then any empty cell in rows 1-2 must be in columns 3-5, which are not assigned any color. So, those could potentially have chips placed, which would require those columns to be the color of the chip, which would conflict with the existing white in rows 1-2.

Wait, no, because if I place a black chip in row 1, column 3, that would require row 1 to be black, which conflicts with the existing white in row 1. Similarly, placing a black chip in row 3, column 1 would require column 1 to be black, conflicting with the existing white in column 1.

Therefore, in this case, the placement is maximal because any additional chip would require changing the color of an already assigned row or column, which is not allowed.

So, in this case, the maximal configurations are those where the non-empty rows and columns form a single rectangle of a single color, and the rest are empty. Therefore, the number of such configurations is the number of possible rectangles times 2 (for white and black).

In the 5x5 grid, the number of non-empty subsets of rows is 2^5 - 1 = 31, same for columns. So, the number of rectangles is 31 * 31 = 961. Each rectangle can be assigned white or black, so 961 * 2 = 1922.

But wait, in the 2x2 grid, according to this approach, the number would be 3 * 3 * 2 = 18. But earlier, we saw that in the 2x2 grid, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black. So, why is there a discrepancy?

Ah, perhaps because in the 2x2 grid, any rectangle smaller than the entire grid would leave empty cells in rows or columns that are already assigned, making it impossible to add any more chips without conflict. So, in the 2x2 grid, choosing any rectangle other than the entire grid would still leave empty cells that are in already assigned rows or columns, making the placement maximal.

Wait, let's take an example in the 2x2 grid. Suppose we choose R = {1}, C = {1}, color white. Then, cell (1,1) is white. Now, can we add a chip in (1,2)? Placing a white chip there would require row 1 to be white, which it already is, and column 2 to be white. But column 2 is empty, so that's allowed. But then, column 2 is now white, so cell (2,2) must be white as well. But cell (2,2) is in row 2 and column 2. Row 2 is empty, so it can be white, and column 2 is now white. So, the placement becomes all white. So, the initial placement wasn't maximal because we could add more.

Wait, but according to the problem statement, a maximal placement is one where any additional chip would violate the conditions. So, in this case, adding a chip in (1,2) doesn't violate any conditions because row 1 is already white and column 2 becomes white. Therefore, the initial placement wasn't maximal.

Therefore, the only maximal configurations are those where the entire grid is filled. So, for the 2x2 grid, the answer is 2.

But in the 5x5 grid, if I choose a rectangle smaller than the entire grid, say R = {1}, C = {1}, color white, then cell (1,1) is white. Can I add a white chip in (1,2)? Yes, because row 1 is white, and column 2 becomes white. But then, cell (2,2) would have to be white, but row 2 is empty, so that's allowed. So, the placement can be expanded, making the initial placement non-maximal.

Therefore, the only maximal configurations are those where the entire grid is filled with a single color, either all white or all black. So, the answer would be 2.

But that seems contradictory because the problem states that we have 25 white and 25 black chips, implying that we can choose to use some of them.

Wait, but if we place all 25 white chips in the grid, we can't place any black chips because the grid is full. Similarly, placing all 25 black chips would prevent any white chips.

But the problem allows for some chips, not necessarily all. So, perhaps the only way to make the placement maximal is to have the entire grid filled with a single color, because otherwise, you could add more chips.

Wait, but in the 5x5 grid, if I place a single white chip in (1,1), then row 1 and column 1 are white. Can I add a white chip in (1,2)? Yes, because row 1 is white, and column 2 would then be white. But then, cell (2,2) would have to be white, and so on, leading to the entire grid being white. So, the initial placement wasn't maximal because you could add more.

Therefore, the only maximal configurations are those where the entire grid is filled with a single color. So, the answer is 2.

But that seems to contradict the problem's phrasing, which suggests that some chips are placed, not necessarily all. So, perhaps I'm missing something.

Wait, perhaps the key is that the placement must be such that any additional chip would cause a conflict, meaning that every empty cell is in a row or column that's already assigned a color conflicting with the chip's color.

Wait, but if a row is empty, placing a chip there would assign it a color, which doesn't conflict with anything. Similarly for a column.

Therefore, the only way to make the placement maximal is to have all rows and columns assigned a color, meaning the entire grid is filled. Because if any row or column is empty, you could place a chip there, assigning it a color, which doesn't conflict with anything.

Therefore, the only maximal configurations are those where the entire grid is filled with a single color, either all white or all black. So, the number of such configurations is 2.

But that seems to be the case, but I'm not entirely sure. Let me think again.

If I have a grid where some rows and columns are assigned colors, but not all, then there exists at least one row and one column that are empty. Therefore, placing a chip in the intersection of that row and column would assign that row and column a color, without any conflict. Therefore, the placement isn't maximal.

Therefore, the only maximal configurations are those where every row and every column is assigned a color, which can only happen if the entire grid is filled with a single color, either all white or all black.

Thus, the number of maximal configurations is 2.

But wait, the problem allows for some chips, not necessarily all. So, perhaps the only way to have a placement where adding any more chips is impossible is to have the entire grid filled, which uses all 25 chips of a single color, leaving the other color unused.

But the problem states that we have 25 white and 25 black chips, and we can place some of them. So, perhaps another possibility is to place all 25 white chips, leaving all black chips unused, or vice versa.

But that would be two configurations: all white or all black.

Alternatively, perhaps we can have some rows and columns assigned to white and others to black, but in such a way that no empty cells exist. But that's impossible because if a row is assigned to white, all cells in that row are white, and similarly for black. So, the only way to have all rows and columns assigned is to have all cells of the same color.

Therefore, the number of maximal configurations is 2.

But wait, in the initial problem, the chips are placed in the grid such that each cell has at most one chip, all chips in the same row and column have the same color, and any additional chip would violate these conditions.

So, if the grid is empty, it's not maximal because you can add chips. If the grid has a single white chip, it's not maximal because you can add more. If the grid is all white, then any additional chip would require a black chip, but all cells are already white, so you can't add any more. Similarly for all black.

Therefore, the only maximal configurations are all white or all black, leading to 2 possibilities.

But that seems too restrictive. Let me think again.

Wait, perhaps another approach: the problem requires that the placement is such that any additional chip would violate the conditions. So, the placement must cover all possible rows and columns. Because if there's an empty row or column, you could add a chip there of the appropriate color, which wouldn't violate any conditions.

Therefore, the only way to make the placement maximal is to have every row and every column assigned a color. But as discussed earlier, this can only happen if the entire grid is filled with a single color. So, the number of such configurations is 2.

Therefore, the answer is 2.

But I'm not entirely confident because earlier I thought about rectangles, but perhaps that approach was incorrect.

Wait, perhaps the answer is 2, but I'm not sure. Alternatively, perhaps it's the number of possible subsets of rows and columns, times 2, which would be 1922. But I'm not sure which is correct.

Wait, but in the 1x1 grid, the answer is 2, which matches both approaches. In the 2x2 grid, according to the rectangle approach, it's 18, but according to the all-filled approach, it's 2. Since in the 2x2 grid, placing a single chip forces the entire grid to be filled, leading to only 2 configurations, perhaps the correct answer is 2.

Therefore, I think the answer is 2.


--- Final Answer Content ---


To solve the problem, we analyze the constraints and determine the possible configurations of chips on the $5 \times 5$ grid. Each row and column must be uniformly colored (all white or all black) if they contain any chips. Additionally, the placement must be maximal, meaning no additional chips can be placed without violating the constraints.

1. **Understanding Constraints**:  
   - Each row and column with chips must be entirely white or entirely black.  
   - The placement must be such that adding any chip would violate these uniformity conditions.

2. **Maximal Configurations**:  
   - If any row or column is unassigned (empty), a chip could be placed there without violating the conditions, making the current placement non-maximal.  
   - Therefore, the only way to satisfy the maximal condition is to have all rows and columns assigned a single color.  
   - This implies the entire grid must be filled with a single color, either all white or all black.

3. **Counting Configurations**:  
   - There are two possibilities:  
     a. All cells are white.  
     b. All cells are black.  

Thus, the number of valid maximal configurations is **2**.

$\boxed{2}$