--- Chain 7 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 992
Completed Thoughts: 7
Pruned at Analysis Step: 9
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1561, 1831, 2472, 2662, 2941, 3171]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this problem here about a scientist trying to create a transgenic mouse model to study the GADD45G protein's role in SARS-CoV-2 infection. Let me try to break it down.

So the setup is that they're using Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells to transfect a plasmid. They introduced a sequence for an influenza hemagglutinin determinant at the N-terminus of the GADD45G coding sequence. They were expecting to overexpress the protein, but it's not working. They're looking at the construct's plus strand sequence and found something wrong.

Let me read through the options again to see what each one suggests.

Option A: The sequence for the antigenic determinant has a missense mutation. That sounds like maybe a mutation changed an amino acid in the HA tag. But the problem is about overexpression, not the function of the tag. Hmm, not sure yet.

Option B: The ribosome terminated translation early. That would mean a stop codon somewhere in the sequence. If the ribosome stops early, the protein would be shorter than expected. But why would the construct not overexpress? Maybe the stop is causing the mRNA to be degraded or the protein not made at all.

Option C: The lack of a linker is causing proteolysis. Proteolysis is the breakdown of proteins. If there's no linker, maybe the protein is getting degraded. But the issue here is that the construct isn't being expressed, not necessarily that it's broken down. Also, the presence of a linker usually helps with purification, but without it, maybe the protein doesn't get tagged properly. Wait, they added the HA tag at the N-terminus. If the linker is missing, maybe the HA isn't properly exposed, but the construct is still expressed. I'm not sure if that would prevent expression entirely.

Option D: The tRNA for the UAA codon doesn't exist in the mouse. Wait, but they're using CHO cells, not mouse cells. CHO is a mammalian cell line. Do they use the same tRNA as mice? Well, mammalian cells generally have similar tRNAs, but I'm not sure. But the sequence in the plasmid is for the coding strand; if there's a UAA stop codon somewhere, the ribosome would stop. Maybe the construct has a premature stop codon, causing the protein to be truncated or not made at all.

Looking at the given DNA sequence, let me check if there's a UAA or any stop codons. The sequence is from 5' to 3' of the plus strand. Let me look for TAA, TAG, or TGA in the DNA, which would be the complementary stop codons.

Wait, DNA is read as coding (plus) strand. So the mRNA would be complementary to the DNA's template strand. So the mRNA would have the same sequence as the plus strand, except T becomes U.

Wait, no. The plus strand is the same as the mRNA, except T instead of U. So any TGA in the plus strand would be TGA in mRNA, which is a stop codon.

Looking through the sequence:

Looking for TGA... Let me look for sequences:

Looking at the sequence:

...ACACTGCATCCGCTGCGT...
Wait, I need to scan for TGA in the DNA.

Let me go through each triplet to see:

Let me split the sequence into triplets. Let's take the first part:

5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA CTC TGG AAG AAG TCC GCC...

Wait, the third codon is TAC, which is tyrosine. Let's see:

ATG (start), TAC, CCA, TAC, GAT, GTT, CCA, GAT, TAC, GCC, AAA, TGA...

Oh! I see TGA here. Because the next triplet after AAA is TGA. So in the DNA plus strand, the sequence is ...AAA TGA...

So the mRNA would be AAA UGA, which is a stop codon (UGA is a stop). So the construct includes a stop codon in the middle. That would cause the ribosome to terminate early, resulting in a truncated protein. But why isn't it overexpressed?

Wait, but in the problem statement, they're using a plasmid for transfection into CHO cells. If the construct has a premature stop codon, the protein might not be expressed at all because the gene has a stop in the middle. Or perhaps the mRNA is made but the protein stops early, so it's not functional. But the main issue is that the protein isn't