--- Chain 2 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 994
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 9
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 818, 1844, 3153]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I'm trying to figure out why the GADD45G protein isn't overexpressing in the Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells. Let's go through the scenario step by step.

So, the setup is that the researcher made a transgenic mouse model to overexpress GADD45G. They introduced an influenza hemagglutinin (HA) tag at the N-terminus. They transfected the plasmid into CHO cells using Lipofectamine, selected for antibiotic resistance, but can't express the protein as expected.

Looking at the construct's plus strand sequence provided. Hmm, I need to analyze this DNA sequence to see what's wrong. Let's think about the possible options.

The options are:
A) The HA sequence has a missense mutation.
B) The ribosome stops early due to a stop codon.
C) The lack of a linker causes proteolysis.
D) Mouse lacks tRNA for UAA.

Wait, I should probably look for a stop codon in the sequence because if the ribosome stops early, the protein might be truncated or not made at all. Stop codons are UAA, UAG, or UGA in mRNA. So let's see.

The DNA sequence is the coding (plus) strand. Since mRNA is synthesized from the template (negative) strand, the coding strand is the same as mRNA, except T instead of U. So looking for the triplet sequences that would code for stop codons.

Looking through the sequence:

Looking for TAA, TAG, or TGA in the DNA, which would become UAA, UAG, or UGA in mRNA.

Let's scan the provided DNA sequence.

Starting from 5' end:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA CTC TGG AAG AAG TCC GCG GCC AGG ACA CAG TT...

So, the first few codons: ATG is methionine (start). Then TAC is Tyr, CCA is Pro, TAC is Tyr, GAT is Asp, GTT is Val, CCA is Pro, GAT is Asp, TAC is Tyr, then GCC is Ala, AAA is Lys. Next is TGA. Oh, wait, TGA is a stop codon in DNA (on the coding strand, it would be the same as mRNA except T for U). But wait, the coding strand is the same as mRNA except T. So in the mRNA, this would be UGA, which is a stop codon.

So the DNA has ...AAA TGA CTC... So the codon TGA is present. So the mRNA would have UGA here, which is a stop codon.

So the HA tag is at the N-terminus, followed by the GADD45G coding sequence. But if the TGA is present early in the sequence, the ribosome would terminate translation right there, leading to a truncated protein or no protein at all. That would prevent overexpression.

So looking at option B: The ribosome terminated early. That would explain why the protein isn't expressed. Because the mRNA has a stop codon (UGA) early in the sequence.

Now, what about the other options? Option A: HA sequence has a mutation. The HA tag is the N-terminal. If the HA sequence was mutated, you might get a nonfunctional tag, but the protein would still be expressed, maybe. But the issue here is no expression, so maybe not.

Option C: Lack of linker causing proteolysis. That would mean the protein gets cut, but the construct would still be expressed. The problem here is that the protein isn't expressed at all, so probably not. Plus, without a linker, maybe the protein isn't processed correctly, but I'm not sure. But option B seems more likely.

Option D: Mouse lacks tRNA for UAA. Wait, UAA is a stop codon. But in this case, the mRNA has UGA, which is the same as the DNA's TGA. Stop codons are recognized by the ribosome, not the tRNA. So if the mRNA has a stop codon, the ribosome stops. So the presence of a stop codon in the coding sequence would prevent translation. So option B seems to fit.

Wait, but the DNA sequence is the coding strand, so the mRNA would be complementary? Wait, no. The coding strand is the same as mRNA, except T's become U's. So the sequence I'm looking at is the coding (sense) strand, which directly corresponds to mRNA.

So in the DNA, the TGA is in the coding strand, so the mRNA would have UGA. Which is a stop codon. So the ribosome would