--- Chain 7 for Question 22 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 104
Completion Tokens: 689
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 6
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1263, 2191, 2510]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I have this problem about a convex equilateral hexagon where all pairs of opposite sides are parallel. The triangle formed by extending AB, CD, and EF has side lengths 200, 240, and 300. I need to find the side length of the hexagon.

Hmm, let's break this down. First, an equilateral hexagon means all its sides are equal in length. So each side AB, BC, CD, DE, EF, and FA are all the same length, let's call it 's'. Also, it's convex, so all internal angles are less than 180 degrees. And importantly, opposite sides are parallel. That probably means that AB is parallel to DE, BC is parallel to EF, and CD is parallel to FA.

I remember that in such hexagons, they're sometimes called "affine-regular" or something similar because they can be thought of as stretched or sheared versions of regular hexagons. But I'm not entirely sure, so maybe I should think in terms of coordinate geometry.

Let me try to visualize or sketch a rough diagram in my mind. Since opposite sides are parallel, the hexagon can be considered as made up of three pairs of parallel sides. Also, when we extend AB, CD, and EF, they form a triangle. That triangle has sides 200, 240, 300. So, the extensions of these sides meet to form a triangle with those specific lengths.

Wait, so AB, CD, EF are the sides of the hexagon, and their extensions form a triangle. Let me think about the relationship between the hexagon and this triangle.

I think this is similar to how in a regular hexagon, if you extend the sides, they form a larger equilateral triangle. But in this case, the hexagon isn't regular, just equilateral and with opposite sides parallel. So the triangle formed is not equilateral but scalene with sides 200, 240, 300.

I recall that in such cases, the triangle is called the "outer triangle" or "circumscribed triangle" around the hexagon. The sides of the hexagon are related to the sides of this triangle through some scaling factors.

I think each side of the triangle is divided by the hexagon's sides into segments. Maybe the side of the triangle is equal to twice the side of the hexagon multiplied by some cosine of angles involved? Or perhaps it's more about similar triangles.

Wait, maybe I should consider the concept of similar triangles here. If the sides of the hexagon are extensions of the triangle's sides, then each side of the triangle is effectively split into two parts by the hexagon. Let me think, each side of the triangle is 200, 240, 300, and the hexagon's sides are in between.

Alternatively, maybe I can model the hexagon as being formed by cutting off three smaller triangles from the corners of the larger triangle with sides 200, 240, 300. If that's the case, then each side of the larger triangle is equal to the sum of two sides of the hexagon and one side of the smaller triangle. But wait, the hexagon is equilateral