--- Chain 1 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 730
Completed Thoughts: 3
Accumulated Pruned Count: 0
Pruned at Analysis Step: 6
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1156, 1603]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this question here about a genetics experiment gone wrong. Let me try to break it down step by step. So, the researcher is trying to create a transgenic mouse model where GADD45G is overexpressed. They modified the gene to add an influenza hemagglutinin sequence at the N-terminus. Then they transfected the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using Lipofectamine. But when they tested the expression, they couldn't overexpress the protein as expected. So, the question is why.

The given DNA sequence is the plus strand (which is the same as the mRNA except T for U). Looking at the sequence, I need to check for any issues that might prevent proper protein expression.

First, let's think about what the construct is supposed to do. They added the HA tag at the N-terminus. So the coding sequence starts with the HA sequence followed by GADD45G. If the HA tag has a mutation, like a missense, that could affect the protein's function or recognition. But the problem here is that the protein isn't being expressed at all, not that it's nonfunctional.

Looking at the DNA sequence, I wonder about the presence of a stop codon. Wait, the sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. Let me scan through the sequence to see if there's an in-frame stop codon upstream. Because if a stop codon appears early, the ribosome would terminate translation early, leading to a truncated protein or no protein at all.

Let me parse through the sequence. Each codon is three nucleotides. Starting from the beginning:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA CTC TGG AA... Wait, wait, hold on. Oh, I see. Let me write out the first few codons:

ATG (start) 
TAC (tyrosine)
CCA (proline)
TAC (tyrosine)
GAT (aspartic acid)
GTT (valine)
... and so on.

Wait, what's after the initial ATG? Let's look for any in-frame stop codons. The possible stop codons are TAA, TAG, and TGA. So I'm looking for these triplets. Let me go through the sequence in triplets.

Looking again, the sequence starts with ATG, then TAC (nope). Next triplet is CCA (nope). Then TAC (nope), GAT (nope), GTT (nope), CCA (nope), GAT (nope), TAC (nope), GCC (nope), AAA (nope), TGA (stop). Oh! So after the initial ATG, the 10th codon is TGA. TGA is a stop codon. So the sequence is ATG followed by a bunch of amino acids, then a TGA stop codon. That's a problem because the stop codon would terminate translation early.

So the gene construct has an in-frame stop codon (TGA) within the coding sequence. This would cause the ribosome to stop translating the mRNA early, resulting in a truncated protein or no protein at all. Hence, the overexpression isn't happening because the protein isn't being made properly.

Looking back at the options:

Option B says the ribosome terminated early. That's exactly what would happen if there's an in-frame stop cod