--- Chain 7 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 531
Completed Thoughts: 5
Accumulated Pruned Count: 0
Pruned at Analysis Step: 4
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c6
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 789, 1340, 1614, 1721]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I'm trying to figure out why the GADD45G protein isn't overexpressing in the transgenic mouse model. Let's see, the setup is that they introduced a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus of the GADD45G coding sequence. They transfected Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells with this plasmid, selected for antibiotic resistance, but the protein isn't being expressed as expected.

Looking at the provided DNA sequence, it's the plus strand, starting with ATG, which is the start codon, so that's good. Let me scan through the sequence to see if I can spot any issues.

I remember that the GADD45G gene is under the control of an inducible promoter, but the problem here is about the construct. The main points are about the introduced HA tag and possible issues in the coding sequence.

Wait, the HA tag is added at the N-terminus, so the DNA sequence should start with the HA sequence followed by the GADD45G coding. Let me check the beginning.

The sequence starts with ATG, which is methionine, the start codon. So the first part after ATG should be the HA tag. Let me think, the HA tag is derived from the hemagglutinin of influenza virus, typically a peptide sequence like YPYDVPDYA. But here, they've introduced the coding sequence for the HA tag as part of the construct, so looking at the beginning of the provided DNA sequence.

Wait, the first part is ATG (start), then TAC. TAC is tyrosine. Hmm, that's interesting. Let me see the HA tag's amino acid sequence. The HA tag is usually: YPYDVPDYA. So the DNA for that would be something like TAC (Tyr), followed by maybe another codon for proline, etc.

Wait, in the given sequence, the initial part is:

5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GGT TCA CAG ATT ACG CCA AA ... 

Wait, the first few codons after ATG are TAC (Tyr), CCA (Pro), TAC (Tyr), GAT (Asp), GGT (Gly), TCA (Ser), CAG (Gln), ATT (Ile), ACG (Thr), CCA (Pro)... Hmm, that's the beginning of the HA tag?

Wait, the HA tag is YPYDVPDYA. So the amino acids