--- Chain 10 for Question 29 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 403
Completion Tokens: 677
Completed Thoughts: 6
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1450, 1620, 1729, 1994, 2181]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I'm trying to solve this genetics question. Let me read it carefully and think through it step by step.

The question is about a drought-resistant barley cultivar that has an anti-nutritional compound. The problem is that this compound makes it unusable for food. They found the gene responsible, which has five exons and four introns. The plan is to use EMS mutagenesis to create mutants and see which mutation would eliminate the compound.

They sequenced the target gene in all mutants and found changes in the first exon area. The question is asking which mutation would probably eliminate the anti-nutritional compound.

Looking at the options (mutants 1-4), I need to figure out which mutation is most likely to disrupt the gene's function. The idea is that a mutation in the coding sequence (exons) could lead to a nonfunctional protein, thus stopping the production of the anti-nutritional compound.

The intact gene's sequence starts with ATG (which is the start codon). So the reading frame is important here. If a mutation is a frameshift, that can drastically change the downstream amino acids. But if it's a substitution, it might just change an amino acid. But if it's a nonsense mutation (creates a stop codon), that would truncate the protein early, which could disable it.

Looking at the mutants:

Mutant 1: The sequence changes from TCG to TAC. Let me line them up.

Intact: ...TTCTCGCTGGT...
Mutant1: ...TTCTACGCTGGT...

Wait, let's see the exact changes. Let me compare each line.

Intact gene's first part (exon 1):
ATGTTTCTCGCTGGTACTTCTGTGGAT...

Mutant1:
ATGTTCTACGCTGGTACTTCTGTGGAT...

Wait, let me look at the first differences. After ATG, the intact is TTTCTC... whereas mutant1 is TTCTAC...

Wait, the first part: Intact starts with ATG followed by TTTCTCGCTGG. Mutant1's sequence after ATG is TTCTACGCTGG. So let's see:

Intact: positions 4-10: T T C T C G C
Mutant1: positions 4-10: T C T A C G C

Wait, perhaps I should look for where the changes occur. Alternatively, perhaps it's easier to look at each mutation's impact.

Let me list each mutation's change:

Mutant1: The mutation is at the 5th position. Let me see the exact sequences.

Wait, perhaps it's better to write out the sequences for each mutant and see the effect.

Intact gene: 5’-ATG TTT CTC GCT GGT ACT TCT GTG GAT GAACATATTTATTGTCGT…TGA-3’

Wait, breaking it into codons:

ATG is start. Then TTT (Phe), CTC (Leu), GCT (Ala), GGT (Gly), ACT (Thr), TCT (Ser), GTG (Val), GAT (Asp), etc.

Mutant1: 5’