--- Chain 1 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 661
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 6
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 747, 1595, 1901]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this question here about a genetics experiment, and I need to figure out why the transgenic mice aren't overexpressing the GADD45G protein. Let me start by breaking down what's going on.

The researcher is trying to create a transgenic mouse model where the GADD45G gene is overexpressed. They introduced a coding sequence with an influenza hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. They transfected the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary cells and are having trouble getting the protein expressed as expected.

The plus strand sequence they provided has the coding DNA. Let me look for any obvious issues. So, the sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. That's good because it means the reading frame should be correct.

Wait, the plasmid was modified to add the HA tag at the N-terminus. HA is a common tag, usually added via a linker. I'm thinking that maybe the linker isn't there, but the question says the coding sequence includes the HA determinant. So the sequence should have the HA tag coding right after the start.

But why isn't the protein overexpressing? Let's think about possible issues when expressing a transgene. If the construct is correctly made, the gene should be expressed. So maybe there's a problem in the construct itself.

Looking at the provided DNA sequence, I'm noticing that there's a TGA somewhere. Let me scan through the sequence. Oh, wait, later on, I see a TGA. TGA is a stop codon. Oh, but wait, the sequence is the plus strand, so the coding sequence would be read from ATG onwards. Let me look for where the stop codon comes in.

Wait, in the DNA sequence, the plus strand is provided. So the coding sequence is the same as the mRNA, except T instead of U. So when looking for stop codons, I have to think about the mRNA's reading frame.

Let me parse the sequence:

The beginning: 5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA... Wait, wait, I see 'TGA' here in the DNA. But the mRNA would read this as TGA, which is a stop codon. So in the DNA, the codon is TGA. So in the mRNA, that would be UGA, which is a stop.

But wait, the HA tag is supposed to be at the N-terminus. If the stop codon occurs early in the coding sequence, the ribosome would terminate translation prematurely, resulting in a truncated protein. So the HA tag might not even get fully expressed because the stop codon is in the way.

Let me check where that TGA is. Let me count the letters. The start is ATG, which is position 1-3. Then TAC is position 4-6, which is Tyr. Then CCA (Pro), TAC (Tyr), GAT (Asp), GTT (Val), CCA (Pro), GAT (Asp), TAC (Tyr), GCC (Ala), AAA (