--- Chain 8 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 1418
Completed Thoughts: 13
Accumulated Pruned Count: 0
Pruned at Analysis Step: 11
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c6
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 714, 2433, 2652, 2824, 3210, 3485, 3888, 4008, 4607, 4732, 5138, 5372]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, I'm trying to figure out why the GADD45G protein isn't being overexpressed in the transgenic mouse model. Let me go through the problem step by step.

So, the researcher is using Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells to transfect a plasmid that's supposed to overexpress GADD45G with an HA tag at the N-terminus. They used Lipofectamine, which is a common method for transfecting cells. But when they check the expression, the protein isn't showing up as expected.

Looking at the provided DNA sequence, it's the plus strand. I remember that the coding sequence starts with the start codon (usually ATG) and ends with a stop codon (like TAA, TAG, or TGA). The sequence provided starts with ATG, so that's good.

Wait, let me check the end of the sequence. The last few codons are ...GCTGTTTTGCGAGGAGAGCCGCAGCGTTAACGACTGGGTGCCCAGCATCACCCTCCCCGAGTGA. So the last part before TGA is CGAGTGA. Let me break that into codons. CGA G TGA. Hmm, G TGA is the stop codon TGA. So the last codon is TGA, which is a stop, so the protein should terminate there.

But why isn't the protein being expressed? Let me think about the options.

Option A: The HA sequence has a missense mutation. The HA tag is at the N-terminus. If it's mutated, maybe the protein isn't expressed because the mutation caused a premature stop, but the end sequence shows a normal TGA stop. So maybe not A.

Option B: The ribosome terminated early. That would mean a stop codon is present in the middle. Let me scan the sequence for any other TAA, TAG, or TGA before the intended stop. Let's see: Looking through the sequence, I don't see any other TGA or TAG. There's a TAC (tyrosine), TCT (serine), but no other stops. So B might not be the case.

Option C: Lack of linker causing proteolysis. HA tag is added, but if there's no linker, maybe the protein is getting degraded. Proteolysis usually requires recognition sites. The HA tag is from influenza, which is a small tag. Without a linker, maybe the protein isn't properly folded or is recognized by proteases. But why would that prevent expression? Maybe the HA is being cleaved off, but the question says they couldn't overexpress the protein in the first place. Hmm.

Option D: No tRNA for UAA. Well, the stop codon is TGA, not UAA. Mouse cells have tRNAs that recognize all stop codons via release factors, so the presence or absence of a tRNA for UAA wouldn't affect a TGA stop. So D is probably not correct.

Wait, another thought: the plasmid might have the correct reading frame, but perhaps the start codon is not in frame. The HA tag's coding should be before the start, but the sequence starts with ATG, which is correct.

Wait, another possibility—maybe the reading frame is wrong. Let me check the sequence again. The beginning is ATG, which is methionine. Then TAC (tyrosine), then CCATAC... Wait, does the HA tag add any nucleotides before the ATG? The question says the HA is at the N-terminus, so the sequence should be HA followed by GADD45G. But in the provided sequence, the first codon is ATG, which is the start. So if the HA tag was added before this, perhaps the reading frame is messed up. Because the HA coding sequence might not be in frame, causing a frameshift.

Wait, the HA tag is added at the N-terminus. Let me think about how that is done. Suppose the HA sequence is a short peptide, say YPYDVPDYA (but that's the actual HA epitope), which is about 10 amino acids. So the coding sequence for HA would be a few codons before the ATG. But wait, the given sequence starts with ATG, which is the start. So if the HA was added before the ATG, perhaps the frame is altered. Let me see.

Suppose the HA sequence is added upstream of the ATG. For example, if the HA is in frame, the ATG is the start. But if the HA's coding sequence is not correctly in frame, then the ATG might not be in the correct reading frame, leading to no proper start. Wait, but the given sequence starts with ATG, which is a start codon, so perhaps the HA is in frame, but I'm not sure.

Wait another angle: the provided sequence is the coding DNA. If the HA is at the N-terminus, the coding sequence should start with the HA codons followed by ATG. But the given sequence starts with ATG. So maybe the HA was inserted incorrectly. For example, maybe the HA is in a different reading frame, causing the ATG to be in a different frame. Or, perhaps the HA was not properly inserted, leading to a frameshift. But the given DNA sequence starts with ATG, so perhaps the HA is after the start, which is the opposite of N-terminus. That can't be right because HA is supposed to be N-terminal.

Wait, maybe the HA is inserted but the start codon is not present. But no, the sequence starts with ATG, so that's present.

Alternatively, perhaps the HA coding sequence introduces an in-frame stop codon. Let's see: the HA would be a short peptide, so maybe the HA's coding sequence includes a stop codon, causing the protein to terminate early. For example, if the HA is, say, 6 amino acids, but the DNA for HA includes a TGA, then the protein would stop at the HA. But looking at the given sequence, the HA is at the beginning. Wait, the HA is in the N-terminus, so the coding sequence for HA should be before the ATG start. But in this case, the sequence starts with ATG, so maybe the HA was not correctly added, or the ATG is part of HA? That seems unlikely.

Wait, perhaps the HA tag is causing a premature stop codon earlier in the sequence. Let me look for any in the first part. The sequence starts with ATG, then TAC (tyrosine), then CCATAC. Wait, the DNA sequence is:

5' ATG TAC CCC ATA CGA TT...

Wait, that's