--- Chain 10 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 517
Completed Thoughts: 3
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 660, 1407]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this question about molecular biology and transgenic mice. Let's try to think through this step by step.

The scenario is that someone is trying to create a transgenic mouse model where the GADD45G protein is overexpressed. They introduced a coding sequence with a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. After transfecting the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary cells, they can't overexpress the protein. So they're looking for why that might be happening.

Looking at the construct's sequence provided, I see it starts with ATG, which is the start codon. Then comes the coding sequence for the hemagglutinin tag, followed by the GADD45G gene. Wait, but in the sequence, the HA tag is at the beginning because it's the N-terminus.

The options are about potential issues. Let's go through them one by one.

Option A: The HA tag has a missense mutation. Well, if that's the case, the protein might still be expressed but not detected, but the question is about overexpression. So if the HA is not present correctly, perhaps the affinity purification would fail, but the construct might still have the GADD45G expressed. But the problem is that they can't overexpress the protein, so maybe the construct is not being translated properly.

Option B: The ribosome terminated early. That would mean a premature stop codon. Let's look at the sequence. ATG is the start. Then the coding continues. Wait, the given sequence is the plus strand, so the mRNA would be complementary to this. Hmm, wait, no—actually, the given sequence is the coding (sense) strand, which is same as mRNA except T instead of U. So the original DNA's plus strand is the same as the mRNA's sequence, except T vs U.

Looking for any in-frame stop codons. The sequence is ATG followed by TAC, which is Tyrosine. Then CCAT, which is Pro. CGA is Arg, etc. Let me scan for TAA, TAG, or TGA codons. Hmm. Let me go through the sequence in triplets.

Looking at the sequence:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA CTC TGG AAG AAG TCC GCG GCC AGG ACA CAG TTT CCG GAA A...

Wait, ATG is