--- Chain 6 for Question 99 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 360
Completion Tokens: 495
Completed Thoughts: 2
Pruned at Analysis Step: 4
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 997]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this chemistry problem here, and I need to figure out the correct structure of the unknown compound based on the given spectroscopic data. Let me start by breaking down the information provided.

First, the FTIR spectrum shows a very broad absorption around 3000 cm⁻¹. I remember that broad peaks around that region usually indicate O-H stretches, like in alcohols or carboxylic acids. The strong peak at 1700 cm⁻¹ suggests a carbonyl group, which could be a ketone, aldehyde, ester, or carboxylic acid. But considering the broad peak, carboxylic acid seems more likely because their O-H bonds are usually broader and stronger than alcohols. So maybe the compound has a carboxylic acid group.

Now, looking at the 1H NMR spectrum, there are several signals but none correspond to vinyl hydrogens. Vinyl hydrogens are the ones attached to double bonds, like in alkenes. So the compound doesn't have any double bonds, or if it does, the protons aren't showing up as vinyl signals. Wait, but the IR showed a carbonyl, which could be from a ketone if there's a double bond elsewhere. Hmm, but the NMR doesn't show vinyl, so maybe it's a saturated compound. So maybe it's a ketone without any adjacent double bonds?

Wait, but the IR peak at 1700 could also be a carboxylic acid's carbonyl. Oh, right, carboxylic acids have a strong carbonyl peak around 1700 cm⁻¹ and a broad O-H around 3000. So that fits. So the compound is a carboxylic acid.

The NMR part says several signals, but none are vinyl. So the structure must be a branched or substituted carboxylic acid without any double bonds.

Looking at the options:

Option A: CH3C(H)(C2H5)C(H)(C2H5)CH2COOH
Option B: CH3CH2C(H)(C2H5)C(H)(C2H5)COOH
Option C: CH3C(H)(CH3)C(H)(CH3)CH2COOH
Option D: CH3CH2C(H)(