--- Chain 5 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 660
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 6
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1756, 1858, 2314]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this question about molecular biology and genetics. Let me try to break it down. The scenario is about creating a transgenic mouse model where GADD45G is overexpressed. The person is using a plasmid construct and Chinese hamster ovary cells for transfection. But when they try to express the protein, it doesn't work as expected.

The problem is that the plus strand sequence they provided is causing issues. They tried to add an influenza hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. Hmm, so the construct should include this tag so they can purify the protein via affinity methods, probably using an antibody against HA.

The options are about why the protein isn't overexpressed. Let's think about each option.

Option A: The sequence for the antigenic determinant has a missense mutation. That would mean the HA tag isn't correct, so maybe the antibody can't bind. But would that prevent the protein from being expressed? Maybe the tag isn't present, but the rest of the protein could still be made. Unless the mutation is in a critical region of the HA tag that disrupts the protein's structure or recognition. But if the HA tag is just for purification, perhaps the protein is made but can't be pulled down. But the question says they can't overexpress, implying the protein isn't made. So maybe this isn't the main issue.

Option B: The ribosome terminated the translation early. How would that happen? Ribosomes stop at stop codons. If there's a premature stop codon in the construct, the protein would be truncated. Looking at the given sequence, I should check for any in-frame stop codons. Let's see, the sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. Then, looking through the bases, I need to find any TAA, TAG, or TGA codons.

Wait, the sequence ends with ... TGA3'. Let me look towards the end. The last codons are GAT CTT TGA. Wait, the last part is TGA, which is a stop codon. So right after the HA tag, perhaps the sequence includes a stop codon. If the HA tag is at the N-terminus, maybe the construct is designed to have the HA tag followed by the GADD45G coding sequence. But if the HA tag is inserted correctly, the stop codon should be after the GADD45G sequence.

Wait, perhaps the way they inserted the HA tag caused a frameshift or introduced an in-frame stop codon early. Alternatively, perhaps the HA tag's sequence introduced a stop codon before the GADD45G starts, but that's unlikely because the HA is at the N-terminus.

Wait, the given sequence starts with ATG (the start codon), then TAC (tyrosine), CCC (proline), ATC (isoleucine), etc. So the coding sequence seems continuous. Let me scan for stop codons.

Looking through the sequence, I'm looking for TGA, TAG, or TAA. Let me go through each triplet.

Looking at the sequence:

5' ATG TAC