--- Chain 10 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 842
Completed Thoughts: 8
Pruned at Analysis Step: 8
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1066, 1664, 1800, 2015, 2236, 2550, 2777]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I have this question about molecular biology and genetic engineering. Let me try to break it down. Hmm, the scenario is about creating a transgenic mouse model to study the GADD45G protein. The goal is to overexpress it and see its role in SARS-CoV-2 infection.

So the person is trying to make a construct where GADD45G is overexpressed, right? They added a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. Then they transfected Chinese hamster ovary cells using Lipofectamine and selected antibiotic-resistant colonies. But when they tested the expression, it didn't work as expected—no overexpression.

Looking at the provided DNA sequence, I need to figure out why the protein isn't being expressed. Let me think about the possible issues. The options mention things like missense mutations, translation termination, proteolysis, and tRNA availability.

First, the sequence given is the plus strand of the construct. So looking at the coding sequence, I should check if there are any stop codons or issues that would prevent the protein from being made correctly.

Wait, the construct includes the coding sequence for GADD45G with the HA tag. The HA tag is usually added at the beginning, so the start codon should be right after it. Let me see the beginning of the sequence: starts with ATG, which is methionine, the start codon. That's good.

I should check for any in-frame stop codons (UAA, UAG, UGA) in the sequence. Let's look through the nucleotides in triplets.

Looking at the sequence: the first few codons are ATG (start), TAC (tyrosine), CCA (proline), TAC (tyrosine), GAT (aspartic acid), G TT (but wait, that's G and TT? No, let me group properly.

Wait, the DNA sequence is 5' to 3', so the mRNA would be complementary to this, but the reading frame is the same as the coding strand. Wait, no, the mRNA is made from the template (negative) strand, which is complementary to the plus strand. But since the plus strand is provided, I can read it as the coding sequence, but in the mRNA, T becomes U.

Wait, perhaps a better approach is to look for any early stop codons. So, let me go through the sequence in triplets.

The first few codons (DNA is plus, so mRNA would be complementary, but the reading frame is the same. Wait, no, the plus strand is the same as the mRNA, except T→U. So the sequence as given is the same as the mRNA except Ts are Us.

So, let me write out the first few codons:

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA ... Wait, wait, hold on. Oh wait, the third codon from the start is CCA, which is Proline. Wait, but in the DNA sequence, the third codon is CCA in the plus strand, so in mRNA it would be CCA as well (since DNA is coding strand). So in mRNA, the sequence would be: ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA ...

Wait, wait, the 18th codon: Let me count. Let me see, starting from position 1:

1: ATG (start)
2: TAC (tyrosine)
3: CCA (proline)
4: TAC (tyrosine)
5: GAT (aspartic acid)
6: GTT (valine)
7: CCA (proline)
8: GAT (aspartic acid)
9: TAC (tyrosine)
10: GCC (alanine)
11: AAA (lysine)
12: TGA ...

Wait, the 12th codon is TGA. Oh wait