--- Chain 5 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 1053
Completed Thoughts: 8
Accumulated Pruned Count: 0
Pruned at Analysis Step: 8
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c7
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1326, 1554, 1982, 2267, 2379, 2562, 2763]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, let's try to figure this out. So the question is about why the GADD45G protein isn't being overexpressed in the transgenic mice. The setup involves creating a construct where the GADD45G gene is modified to include a hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. They used Lipofectamine to transfect the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells and then selected antibiotic-resistant colonies. But when they tested the expression, the protein wasn't overexpressed as expected.

Hmm, the provided DNA sequence is the plus strand. I need to look for potential issues that would prevent proper expression. Let me think about the possible options.

Option A: Missense mutation in the HA sequence. If the HA tag has a mutation, it might affect the protein's structure or recognition, but that might not prevent expression entirely. They could still produce the protein, but it might not bind antibodies well. But the problem is that the protein isn't overexpressed, so maybe this isn't the main issue.

Option B: Translation terminated early. Ribosomes stopping early would mean a truncated protein. How? Maybe a stop codon is introduced somewhere. Let's look at the sequence. Let's find the ATG start codon. Looking at the beginning, the first few bases: 5' ATG TAC CC... So ATG is the start, methionine. Then TAC is tyrosine. Wait, but after that, I see later in the sequence a TGA at position... Let me scan. Hmm, I see a TGA later on. Oh, wait, TGA is a stop codon. So if the TGA is present in the coding sequence, the ribosome would terminate early.

Wait, wait. Let me look more carefully. The construct is designed to have the HA tag at the N-terminus. So the DNA sequence starts with ATG, which is correct. But in the provided sequence, I notice that towards the end, maybe in the middle, there's a TGA. Let me check:

Looking through the sequence, I'll scan for TGA. Let me go through the letters. Hmm, after several parts, I see... Okay, looking for T-G-A in the sequence.

Wait, the sequence is long. Let me find where it might be. Let me see, the sequence starts with ATG TAC CC... Then later, I see ATG ACT CTG G... Then, perhaps in the middle, ...GAGGAGAGCCGCAGCGTTAA... Hmm, not seeing TGA immediately. Wait, perhaps I should look for TGA as a triplet.

Wait, the sequence is 5' to 3', so looking for T-G-A in the DNA, which would code for a stop codon in the mRNA. Wait, mRNA is made from the template strand, which is complementary to the plus strand. So if the plus strand has a TGA, the mRNA would have the complementary sequence, which is UAC. Wait, no: DNA is plus and minus. For the mRNA, it's synthesized from the minus strand, which is complementary to the plus. So the plus strand's sequence becomes the mRNA's sequence (but T becomes U).

Wait, perhaps I'm complicating. Let me think. The coding sequence starts with ATG, which is correct. But if somewhere in the sequence, there's a termination codon introduced, the ribosome would stop, leading to a truncated protein or no protein at all.

Looking at the sequence, I'll scan for any in-frame TGA, TAG, or TAA. Let's see. The sequence is:

5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GCT TCC AGA TTA CGC CAA ATG ACT CTG GAA GAA TCC GCC GGC CAG GAC ACA GTT CCG GAA AGC ACA GCC AGG ATG CAG GGT GCC GGG AAA A... (I think I need to go through it more carefully.)

Wait, another approach: the entire coding sequence is given as the plus strand. So if the plasmid has a premature stop codon, the mRNA would have a UAA, UAG, or UGA somewhere. Since the construct is supposed to produce a fusion protein, any stop codon in the coding sequence would cause early termination.

Looking through the sequence, I can look for the stop codons. Let me look for TGA, TAG, or TAA in the DNA.

Looking at the sequence, I see ATG starts the reading frame. Let me check each codon.

First few codons:

ATG (Met)
TAC ( Tyr)
CCA (Pro)
TAC (Tyr)
GAT (Asp)
GCT ( Ala)
TCC (Ser)
AGA (Arg)
TTA (Leu)
CGC (R)
CAA (Gln)
ATG (Met)
ACT (Thr)
CTG (Leu)
GAA (Glu)
GAA (Glu)
TCC (Ser)
