--- Chain 3 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 646
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 723, 1488, 1969]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this genetics question here. Let's see, I'm supposed to figure out why the GADD45G protein isn't being overexpressed in the mouse model. The setup is that they introduced a sequence for the hemagglutinin antigen at the N-terminus of the GADD45G coding sequence. They transfected the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using Lipofectamine and selected antibiotic-resistant colonies, but the protein isn't overexpressing as expected.

Hmm, the problem states that the plus strand construct sequence is given. I remember that in DNA, the coding sequence is usually in the plus or sense strand. So the gene construct starts with the ATG, which is the start codon, followed by the coding sequence. But wait, when you look at the sequence, could there be any issues in the reading frame or stop codons?

Looking at the sequence, I should check if there's a stop codon (UAA, UAG, UGA) within the coding region. If the construct includes an early stop codon, the ribosome would terminate translation early, resulting in a truncated protein, which might not function as intended.

Let me scan through the DNA sequence. The mRNA is transcribed from the DNA template strand, so the plus strand would be the coding strand, meaning the mRNA would be complementary to the minus strand. So the DNA codons are in triplets, and each codon on the mRNA is complementary to the DNA minus strand. Wait, maybe I should write out the mRNA sequence from the given DNA plus strand.

Wait, the given DNA is the plus (coding) strand, so the mRNA is the same as the plus strand but with T's replaced by U's. So let's look for any in-frame stop codons.

Looking at the beginning: ATG is the start codon. Then TAC is Tyr, CC A is Pro, etc. Let me go through the sequence in triplets:

After ATG (start), next is TAC (Tyr), then CCG (Pro), ATG (Met), TCC (Ser), AGA (Arg)... Hmm, I need to check each triplet for stop codons. For example, looking for UAA, UAG, or UGA.

Wait, the DNA is the plus strand, so the mRNA would have the same sequence except T becomes U. So let's convert the DNA sequence into mRNA, then look for stop codons.

But wait, the DNA sequence is written 5' to 3'. The mRNA is also 5' to 3', so each triplet on the DNA (plus strand) will correspond to the mRNA codon. So looking for UAA, UAG, UGA in the mRNA.

So let's parse the given DNA sequence into mRNA codons:

The DNA is 5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GGT TCC AGA TTA CGT CCA AAT GAC TCT GGA AAG TCC GCG GCC AGG ACA CAG TTT CCG GAA AGC ATA GGC