--- Chain 8 for Question 115 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 183
Completion Tokens: 494
Completed Thoughts: 7
Pruned at Analysis Step: 4
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 733, 885, 1125, 1393, 1539, 1982]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I have this physics problem here, and I'm trying to wrap my head around it. Let me read it again carefully.

An electron and a positron are moving along the horizontal axis. The electron is coming from the left with a Lorentz factor of 4, and the positron is moving from the right with a Lorentz factor of 2. They collide and annihilate, producing two photons. Both photons have the same energy. One is moving in the upper-right direction, the other in the lower-right. I need to find the angle between their directions.

Hmm, okay. I remember that when particles annihilate, they produce photons, and in this case, two photons. Since energy and momentum must be conserved, I'll probably need to use those principles here.

Wait, the electron and positron have equal but opposite charges. But since they're moving towards each other, their momenta are in opposite directions. But wait, the electron is moving to the right (from the left) and the positron to the left (from the right), so their momenta are in opposite directions. So the total momentum before collision would be the sum of their individual momenta.

But wait, no. Let me clarify. The electron is moving from the left, so its direction is to the right. The positron is moving from the right, so its direction is to the left. So their momenta are opposite. So the total momentum is the sum of their individual momenta.

Wait, but wait. The Lorentz factor is gamma. The momentum of a relativistic particle is gamma * m * v. So first, I should compute their momenta.

But wait, the electron and positron have the same rest mass, right? Both are m_e (electron mass). So, their momenta would be:

p_electron = gamma_e * m_e * v_e
p_positron = gamma_p * m_e * v_p

But since they're moving towards each other, their velocities are in opposite directions. So the positron's velocity is negative if the electron's is positive.

So the total momentum before collision is p_e + p_p, but considering their directions.

Alternatively, maybe I should think in terms of vectors. Let me set the electron's direction as positive. So its momentum is positive, and the positron's is negative.

But wait, the positron is