--- Chain 7 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 644
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1030, 1359, 1610]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I have this question about molecular biology and genetic engineering. Let me try to break it down step by step. 

The scenario is that someone is trying to create a transgenic mouse model to study the GADD45G protein's role in SARS-CoV-2 infection. They're using a plasmid to overexpress this protein. But when they tried to express it, they couldn't get the protein as expected. The issue is in the plasmid construct's sequence.

They added a sequence for the hemagglutinin antigen at the N-terminus of the GADD45G coding sequence. They transfected Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells and selected resistant colonies. But the overexpression isn't happening.

Looking at the options, the problem lies in the construct's sequence. The given plus strand sequence starts with ATG (which is the start codon, methionine). Let me look for any possible issues in the coding sequence.

Option A: The sequence for the antigenic determinant has a missense mutation. Hmm, the plus strand starts with ATG, then TAC, which is tyrosine. Wait, the hemagglutinin is at the N-terminus, so if the HA sequence is messed up, that could cause issues. But the question says they introduced the HA sequence, so perhaps the HA part is correctly added. Maybe the given sequence includes the HA? But the given sequence starts with ATG, which would be the start of the HA maybe. Wait, no—because HA is added before GADD45G. So the construct would be HA followed by GADD45G coding. So the start codon for the HA would be in the construct. Or wait, perhaps the HA is inserted as a tag, so it's part of the same open reading frame.

Alternatively, perhaps the HA sequence doesn't have the correct start codon, leading to a frame shift. Or perhaps there's a mutation in the HA sequence. But the question says that they introduced the HA sequence, so maybe it's correctly added. But the given sequence starts with ATG, which would be the start of the HA. If the HA has a mutation, like a missense, maybe it's not expressed. But I'm not sure if that's the main issue here.

Option B: The ribosome terminated the translation early. That would imply a premature stop codon. Let's look for any stop codons in the sequence. The sequence is the plus strand, so the mRNA would be complementary to this. Wait, no—the given sequence is the coding (plus) strand, so the mRNA would be the same as the non-template (plus) strand, except T becomes U. So any in-frame stop codon in the plus strand (TAG, TGA, or TAA) would be a problem.

Looking through the sequence for TAA, TAG, or TGA. Let's check:

The sequence is long, so I'll scan for those triplets.

Looking through:

ATGTACCCATACGATGTTCCAGATTACGCCAAATGACTCT