--- Chain 1 for Question 29 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 403
Completion Tokens: 659
Completed Thoughts: 5
Pruned at Analysis Step: 5
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1261, 1539, 1751, 2111]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this genetics problem here about barley mutants and trying to eliminate an anti-nutritional compound. Hmm, let me think through this.

The question says there's this drought-resistant barley cultivar, but it has a gene that produces an anti-nutritional compound, making it unusable for food. The gene has five exons and four introns. So, they used EMS mutagenesis, which I remember is a chemical mutagen that typically causes point mutations, usually by adding methyl groups. These mutations are usually missense or nonsense, sometimes leading to frameshifts if not in a coding region.

They sequenced the target gene in mutants and found changes in the first exon area. The goal is to find which mutation would eliminate the compound, which I assume means the gene product is non-functional. So, we need a mutation that disrupts the gene's function.

Looking at the options, each mutant has a change in the sequence. The intact gene starts with ATG TTT CGC TGG TAC TT... and ends with TGA. The mutants have changes in the first part.

Mutant 1: The 4th and 5th positions after ATG change. Let me count. Intact is [ATG TTT CGC ...], so the third codon is CGC. In mutant 1, it's TAC. Let me check the positions. Wait, let's look at each line.

Wait, let me write all sequences for clarity.

Intact:
5’-ATG TTT CGC TGG TAC TTCTGTGG ATG AAC ATA TTT ATG TCG T… TGA-3’

Mutant 1:
5’-ATG TTT CTACGC TGG TAC TTCTGTGG ATG AAC ATA TTT ATG TCGC… TGA-3’
Wait, perhaps I should break them into codons to see the amino acid changes.

Wait, perhaps a better approach is to look for nonsense mutations, which would create a premature stop codon, thus truncating the protein. Alternatively, a missense mutation might disrupt an important function.

Wait, the anti-nutritional compound is made by the gene product, so to eliminate it, the gene needs to be non-functional. So we want a mutation that causes a premature stop, making a shorter, possibly nonfunctional protein.

Looking at each mutant:

Mutant 1: The sequence after ATG is TTT CTACGC ... Wait, maybe I should look for any stop codons introduced.

Wait, the normal gene starts with ATG, then TTT is the second codon (Phe), then CGC is third (Arg). Let's see each mutant:

Mutant 1: The third codon is changed. Original is TTT CGC... So in mutant 1, the third codon is now CTA (since the sequence is CTACGCTGG...). Wait, maybe I should align each mutant's changes.

Let me write each mutant's first few codons.

Intact:
ATG TTT CGC TGG TAC T TCT GTG GAT GAA ...

Mutant 1:
ATG TTT