--- Chain 8 for Question 75 ---
Status: USED_FOR_VOTING
Finish Reason (Model): stop
Extracted Answer: B
Prompt Tokens (Usage): 639
Completion Tokens (Usage): 2549
Reasoning Tokens (Counted): 2250
Non-Reasoning Tokens (Counted): 297
Total Tokens (Usage): N/A

--- Reasoning Content ---
Okay, I'm trying to solve this multiple-choice question about a genetics experiment. Let me read through the problem carefully to understand what's going on.

So, the scenario is that a researcher is trying to create a transgenic mouse model where the GADD45G protein is overexpressed. They're doing this because they want to study the role of this protein in SARS-CoV-2 infection. The method involves using a plasmid with an inducible system to overexpress the GADD45G gene. 

They've introduced a sequence for a single influenza hemagglutinin antigenic determinant at the N-terminus of the recombinant protein. So, this is probably a tag used for purifying the protein later on, perhaps through an antibody that recognizes the HA tag.

They transfected the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using Lipofectamine, which is a common transfection reagent. Then they selected antibiotic-resistant colonies and tested the expression. But they couldn't overexpress the protein as expected.

Looking at the problem, the key issue must be in the sequence provided. The construct's plus strand sequence is given. The researcher noticed something wrong with the sequence, which is preventing the overexpression of the protein.

Let me look at the options to see what each suggests.

Option A: The sequence for the antigenic determinant has a missense mutation. So, maybe the HA tag is messed up, causing the protein to not be expressed or recognized. But wait, the HA tag is at the N-terminus. If it's mutated, the protein might not be tagged, but would that prevent expression? Or would it just prevent purification? The question says they couldn't overexpress, so maybe expression is the issue, not purification. But I'm not sure yet.

Option B: The ribosome terminated the translation early. That would happen if there's a stop codon in the mRNA, causing the protein to be shorter. But the construct is designed to express the GADD45G protein with the HA tag. If there's a stop codon in the coding sequence, maybe the mRNA has a premature stop codon. But looking at the sequence, I don't immediately see a stop codon. Wait, the sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon, and runs through various codons. Let me look for a TAA, TAG, or TAG in the sequence.

Wait, the sequence is all letters, so I'll scan for the three-letter stop codons. Let me go through the sequence:

5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT G... and so on. Let me check for any TAA, TAG, or TGA. Hmm, looking through, I don't see any. So maybe there's a stop codon introduced somewhere else. Alternatively, maybe the reading frame is messed up because of a frameshift. Or perhaps the construct includes a stop codon before the end.

Option C: The lack of a linker sequence is triggering proteolysis of the nascent chain. So, without a linker, maybe the protein is being targeted for degradation. But the HA tag is added at the N-terminus. Proteases might recognize certain sequences. If the HA tag is missing or improperly placed, or if the protein isn't correctly folded, the cell's proteases might degrade it. But I'm not sure how the sequence provided would lead to that. Alternatively, maybe the HA tag is causing the protein to be recognized as foreign, leading to degradation unless a linker is present. But the problem states that the construct lacks a linker. So if the HA is directly fused to GADD45G without a linker, maybe the proteases cleave it. But why would that prevent expression? Maybe the protein is getting cut into smaller pieces, but then perhaps the construct is being expressed but the protein is unstable. So the expression levels would be low because the protein is rapidly degraded. That could explain why they can't overexpress it.

Option D: The tRNA for the UAA codon doesn't exist in the mouse. Hmm, UAA is a stop codon. If the construct has a UAA codon, but the mouse's tRNA doesn't recognize it, the translation would stop there. But wait, all standard tRNAs recognize the standard stop codons. If the construct has a UAA, the ribosome would stop. But in the given sequence, I don't see a UAA. Let's check again. The construct's coding sequence is in the plus strand, which is the mRNA's sequence. Wait, no, the plus strand is the coding strand, so the mRNA would be complementary to the template strand. Wait, I'm getting a bit confused. Let me think: the provided sequence is the plus strand of the construct. Plasmid DNA has two strands: the plus (coding) and minus (template). The mRNA is synthesized from the template (minus) strand, using the plus strand as a template. So the mRNA will be the same as the plus strand except T becomes U.

Wait, but looking at the sequence, the plus strand is 5' to 3', which is the same direction as mRNA. So the mRNA would be the same as the plus strand (except T→U). So in the mRNA, any UAA would be a stop codon.

Looking through the sequence: I'll scan for UAA. Let's look for the triplet U-A-A. Let me see, the sequence is:

Looking at the provided sequence:

It's all in the plus strand, which is the same as mRNA except T→U. So I'll scan the letters for any UAA. Let's go through the sequence:

ATGTACCCATACGATGTTCCAGATTACGCCAAATGACTCTGGAAGAAGTCCGCGGCCAGGACACAGTTCCGGAAAGCACAGCCAGGATGCAGGGTGCCGGGAAAGCGCTGCATGAGTTGCTGCTGTCGGCGCAGCGTCAGGGCTGCCTCACTGCCGGCGTCTACGAGTCAGCCAAAGTCTTGAACGTGGACCCCGACAATGTGACCTTCTGTGTGCTGGCTGCGGGTGAGGAGGACGAGGGCGACATCGCGCTGCAGATCCATTTTACGCTGATCCAGGCTTTCTGCTGCGAGAACGACATCGACATAGTGCGCGTGGGCGATGTGCAGCGGCTGGCGGCTATCGTGGGCGCCGGCGAGGAGGCGGGTGCGCCGGGCGACCTGCACTGCATCCTCATTTCGAACCCCAACGAGGACGCCTGGAAGGATCCCGCCTTGGAGAAGCTCAGCCTGTTTTGCGAGGAGAGCCGCAGCGTTAACGACTGGGTGCCCAGCATCACCCTCCCCGAGTGA

Wait, the last part is ...GAGTGA. So the last three nucleotides are TGA on the plus strand, which would be UAA in the mRNA. So in the mRNA, the last triplet is UAA, which is a stop codon. Oh wait, that's a problem. So the construct ends with TGA on the plus strand, so the mRNA ends with UAA, which is a stop codon. So when the ribosome translates this, it will stop at the UAA, leading to a truncated protein. So the HA tag would be present, but the GADD45G sequence would be cut short. This would prevent the full-length protein from being expressed, leading to low expression levels or no expression. So option B says the ribosome terminated early, which would fit.

Wait, but looking again, the sequence ends with ...GAGTGA3'. So the last three are TGA, which in mRNA is UAA. That's a stop codon. So the mRNA would be translated until the UAA, resulting in a truncated protein. So the construct would produce a shorter version of the protein, which might not function and could be why the overexpression isn't happening. So the problem is that the construct has a premature stop codon at the end.

Alternatively, maybe during cloning, the construct was cut off early, inserting a stop codon. So the researcher thought the coding sequence was correct, but the plasmid actually introduces a stop codon at the end, so the gene isn't fully expressed.

So the issue is that the construct includes a stop codon at the end, causing the ribosome to terminate early. That would prevent the full-length protein from being expressed.

Looking at the options, option B says the ribosome terminated early, which would explain low or no expression. Alternatively, option D says the tRNA for UAA doesn't exist. But wait, UAA is a standard stop codon, and all cells have tRNAs that recognize it (they are stop codons, not translating anything; they're recognized by release factors, not tRNAs). So option D is incorrect because UAA is a stop codon, and the issue is that the gene has a stop codon in the middle, not a missing tRNA.

So, the problem is that the construct has a stop codon at the end, causing early termination. So the correct answer would be option B or option C.

Wait, another thought: in the construct, the HA tag is at the N-terminus. So if the stop codon is at the end, the HA would be present, but the GADD45G would be truncated. So when the researcher tried to affinity-purify using the HA tag, perhaps the protein is too small and not properly expressed. This would lead to low expression levels, so the protein isn't overexpressed as intended.

So, the problem is that there's a premature stop codon in the construct. Looking at the options, option B says the ribosome terminated early, which would be the case if a stop codon is present in the mRNA. So that's what's happening here.

So, the reason the protein isn't overexpressed is because the mRNA has a stop codon before the end, causing the ribosome to terminate early. So the protein is not full-length, and perhaps not functional, which explains the lack of overexpression.

Alternatively, option C suggests that a linker is missing, leading to proteolysis. But the presence of a stop codon would likely prevent proper expression, making the protein either not made or made in lower amounts.

So, putting it all together, the issue is that the construct has a premature stop codon (UAA in the mRNA) at the end, so the protein is not being expressed correctly.


--- Final Answer Content ---


The researcher is attempting to create a transgenic mouse model to overexpress the GADD45G protein with an HA tag at the N-terminus. However, they are unable to overexpress the protein as expected. The provided sequence of the plus strand of the construct is analyzed to identify the issue.

The plus strand sequence is examined for potential stop codons in the mRNA. Since the plus strand is the coding strand, the mRNA would be identical except for T → U substitutions. Scanning the sequence reveals that the last three nucleotides are `TGA` on the plus strand, which translates to `UAA` in the mRNA. `UAA` is a standard stop codon, causing the ribosome to terminate translation prematurely. This results in the production of a truncated protein, which likely cannot be overexpressed or function properly.

Option A suggests a missense mutation in the HA tag, but this would primarily affect purification, not expression. Option C proposes proteolysis due to the lack of a linker, but the issue here is not degradation but the inability to produce a full-length protein. Option D claims the absence of a tRNA for `UAA`, but `UAA` is a universally recognized stop codon and does not require a tRNA. Therefore, the correct explanation is that the premature stop codon (`UAA`) in the mRNA causes early termination of translation, preventing the full-length protein from being expressed.

Answer: B