--- Chain 6 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 653
Completed Thoughts: 4
Pruned at Analysis Step: 6
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1128, 1605, 1861]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I'm trying to figure out why the GADD45G protein isn't being overexpressed in the transgenic mouse model. The setup is that someone is trying to create a mouse model where GADD45G is overexpressed, using a construct that includes an influenza hemagglutinin tag at the N-terminus. They transfected the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells, but the protein isn't showing up as expected.

First, I'll look at the DNA sequence provided. It's the plus strand, so the coding sequence is from 5' to 3'. Let me think about the structure of a typical gene construct. When you want to express a protein, the coding sequence starts with a start codon, followed by the gene of interest, and ends with a stop codon. Any tags like HA would be added at the beginning or end.

Looking at the sequence, the beginning has 5' ATG, which is the start codon (methionine). Right after that, the next codons would be TAC, which is tyrosine; then CC (proline), AT (is it ACAT?), wait, maybe I should break it down into codons. Let me try that.

The first few codons after ATG are:
ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA...

Wait, let me write them as triplets to see the amino acids:

ATG (Met)
TAC ( Tyr)
CCA (Pro)
TAC ( Tyr)
GAT (Asp)
GTT (Val)
CCA (Pro)
GAT (Asp)
TAC ( Tyr)
GCC (Ala)
AAA (Lys)
TGA... Hmm, wait, TGA is a stop codon. Oh, but wait, the HA tag is supposed to be at the N-terminus. Maybe it's part of the construct. The HA tag typically is a short peptide, like YPYDHH, but in the DNA sequence, sometimes it's added via a tag at the beginning, maybe using a specific codon sequence.

Wait, the HA tag is added as a sequence, but perhaps the construct doesn't have a proper start or stop. Let me check: the sequence starts with ATG, which is correct as the start codon. Then the next codons are TAC CCA TAC GAT GTT CCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA.

Wait, TGA is a stop codon. So the first part of the sequence is ATG followed by several codons, and then a stop codon. That would mean the gene might be prematurely ending. But the HA tag is supposed to be at the N-terminus. So perhaps the HA tag wasn't correctly inserted, leading to the construct ending early.

Wait, the HA tag is supposed to be added before the start codon. Let me think. The HA peptide is a short sequence, so the DNA for the HA would be inserted before the ATG. So in the sequence, the start is ATG followed by the gene. But if