--- Chain 8 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 822
Completed Thoughts: 6
Pruned at Analysis Step: 7
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1066, 1636, 2539, 2687, 2814]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I've got this question about molecular biology, specifically about gene expression and transgenic mice. Hmm, let me try to break it down step by step.

The scenario is that someone is trying to create a transgenic mouse model where the GADD45G protein is overexpressed. They're using a plasmid with an inducible promoter, I think, so they can control when the gene is expressed. They introduced a sequence for the hemagglutinin antigen at the N-terminus of the GADD45G coding sequence. Then they transfected the plasmid into Chinese hamster ovary cells, and they're trying to select the antibiotic-resistant colonies. But when they check the expression, the protein isn't overexpressed as expected. So they're trying to figure out why.

The plus strand of their construct is given, and the issue is in the sequence. They noticed something wrong. The options are A to D, and I need to figure out which one is correct.

Looking at the options, let's think about each possibility.

Option A: The sequence for the antigenic determinant has a missense mutation. Wait, the HA tag is part of the coding sequence. If there's a mutation in the HA sequence, that would change the amino acids. But does that prevent the entire protein from being expressed? Maybe the reading frame is correct, but if the HA is messed up, the protein would still be made but with a wrong tag. But if the mutation caused a frame shift, that could lead to a premature stop codon. Hmm, but the user didn't mention any frameshift in the sequence. Let me look at the sequence.

The plus strand starts with ATG, which is the start codon. Then TACCCATACGATGTT... Wait, perhaps I should check if there's any in-frame stop codon (TAA, TAG, TGA) that might cause early termination.

Option B: The ribosome terminated the translation early. That would mean a premature stop codon. So perhaps the construct has a stop codon in the coding sequence, causing the mRNA to be translated only until that point. So the protein would be truncated and possibly not detected because it's too short.

Option C: The lack of a linker sequence is triggering proteolysis. If the HA tag isn't properly connected, maybe the protein is being degraded. But the problem is more about expression level, not the stability of the protein. If the protein isn't expressed in the first place, proteolysis wouldn't be the issue. Unless the construct isn't allowing the protein to be made correctly. But I'm not sure about this one.

Option D: The tRNA for the UAA codon doesn't exist in the mouse. Wait, UAA is a stop codon. If the construct introduces a UAA in the coding sequence, but mouse tRNA can't recognize it, would that cause a problem? But wait, in the coding sequence, it's the plus strand. Let me look for any UAA, TAG, or TGA codons in the provided sequence.

Wait, the sequence provided is the plus strand, so the mRNA would be complementary. Let me analyze the DNA sequence for any in-frame stop codons. Let me break down the sequence into triplets.

Starting from the beginning:

ATG TAC CCC ATA CGA TGT TCA GAT TAC GCC AAA TGA CTC TGG AAG AAG TCC GCG GCC AGG ACA CAG TTC CGG AAA GCA CAG CCA GGA TGC AGG GTG CC GGA AAG CGC TGC ATG AGT TGC TGC TGC TGC TGC TGC TGC TGC... Wait, wait, that can't be right. Let me go slowly.

Wait, perhaps I should write out the DNA sequence and then convert it to mRNA and then to amino acids. Alternatively, maybe I can look for stop codons in the