--- Chain 7 for Question 75 ---
Status: PRUNED
Is Active Flag: False
Finish Reason: worker_terminated_unexpectedly
Reasoning Complete Flag: True
Error: None
Prompt Tokens: 639
Completion Tokens: 680
Completed Thoughts: 5
Accumulated Pruned Count: 0
Pruned at Analysis Step: 6
Pruned By Chain ID: q75_c6
Final Processed Boundaries: [0, 1014, 1370, 1629, 2137]

--- Full Content ---
Okay, so I have this problem about a transgenic mouse model and some cloning issue. Let me try to figure this out step by step. 

The question says that someone is trying to create a transgenic mouse model where GADD45G is overexpressed. They introduced a coding sequence with a single influenza hemagglutinin determinant at the N-terminus. Then they transfected Chinese hamster ovary cells with a plasmid using Lipofectamine, but they couldn't overexpress the protein. They looked at the plasmid's plus strand sequence and found the issue.

Hmm, looking at the options, the problem is about why the protein isn't expressed. The possible reasons include a mutation in the antigenic determinant, early termination, proteolysis due to a missing linker, or a missing tRNA for UAA.

Let me look at the provided DNA sequence. The sequence starts with ATG, which is the start codon. Then there's some sequence after that. Wait, I'm looking for possible stops or issues that might cause the ribosome to terminate early.

Wait a second, the plus strand is given as a long string. Let me try to look for stop codons. Stop codons are TAA, TAG, and TGA in the mRNA, which would be complementary sequences in the DNA. So in the DNA, the stop codons would be on the complementary strand. So the plus strand would have sequences that, when transcribed, would not contain stop codons. Wait, no, the DNA is double-stranded, so the coding sequence is on the plus strand. So any in-frame stop codon in the DNA would be in the complementary strand, but the coding sequence is on the plus, so I need to see if the coding sequence has a stop codon.

Wait, perhaps I should translate the DNA sequence into the protein to see if a stop codon appears somewhere. Because if there's a stop codon in the coding sequence, the ribosome would terminate early, leading to a truncated protein or no expression at all.

So let me try to break down the DNA sequence into triplets (codons) and see if any of them are stop codons.

The sequence is: 5' ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GGT TCC AGA TTA CGC CAA ATG ACT CTG GAA GAA TCC GCC GGC CAG GAC ACA GTT CCG GAA AGC A... and so on.

Wait, let me write this out as codons. Let me split the sequence into triplets starting from the beginning.

ATG TAC CCA TAC GAT GGT TCC AGA TTA CGC CAA ATG ACT CTG GAA GAA TCC GCC GGC CAG GAC ACA GTT CCG GAA AGC A...

Wait, this might take a while. Let me try the first part.

ATG is methionine, start. Then TAC is tyrosine. CCA is proline. TAC is tyrosine. GAT is aspartic acid. GGT is glycine. TCC is serine. AGA is arginine. TTA is leucine. CGC is arginine. CAA is glutamine.